561,Marco Materazzi revealed the slur he said to Zinedine Zidane
562,Kansas senator Sam Brownback said "It's stunning to me that we would outsource the production of these airplanes to Europe instead of building them in America.
563,following confrontations with fellow housemates Jade Goody
564,CBBA is calling on the Federal Government
565,The authorities are cautious to release any information concerning the case as this could jeopardize both the investigations and Ms. Souza's life
566,after suffering cardiac arrest
567,remains in good overall condition and is up and walking around the hospital.
568,have been found in the state of New York inside a rock quarry near Gilboa New York in the USA
569,Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie
570,Two court filings in response to a lawsuit brought by Nebraska State Senator Ernie Chambers were filed on behalf of God
571,Russia has made delivery of its first shipment of nuclear fuel to Iran's Bushehr facility
572,U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Foreign Affairs Minister Peter MacKay made a visit to MacKay's Nova Scotia
573,Oxfam has estimated that for all developing countries to adapt to climate change
574,the free encyclopedia that anyone with access to the Internet can edit
575,Anna Politkovskaya who received wide acclaim and prominence for her critical coverage of the Chechen war and opposition to the Putin administration was found shot dead
576,Perhaps most controversial amongst politicians the public and even other animal rights organizations is PETA's refusal to condemn the actions of the Animal Liberation Front
577,Sunday suicide bombers killed 11 African Union (AU) peacekeepers in Somalia
578,Twenty-four people among them seven children were killed on Sunday
579,A whale that became stranded in the River Thames has died
580,The incident reached the scale that it did due to operator error after the initial rupture.
101,Profits at the the US fast-food giant the world's largest hamburger chain rose 4% to $979.5m (£676m) from $946.1m in the same period last year.
102,Now 69 he faces a sentence of 18 years to life in prison when he is sentenced May 29.
103,However 35-year-old Cannavaro will not be granted the opportunity to end his career with his home club Napoli.
104,Arena had won every presidential election since the end of El Salvador's civil war 18 years ago.
105,Dr. McCarty said that for a half year from late 1911 to April 1912 when the Titanic set sail the company's board discussed the problem at every meeting.
106,The experienced diver who had explored the scuttled steamer 25 times before was teamed with two other divers when disaster struck.
107,"The immediate opening of supplementary catch quotas for sole and cod is vital for the future of small fishermen" in the region Jacky Henin former mayor of Calais and a European parliament member said Wednesday.
108,The Chancellor revealed in his Budget that borrowing this year would soar to a record £175bn as the government tries to "grow" its way out of recession.
109,The coffee chain which has been slashing costs to compensate for dwindling customer visits had announced plans to close almost 1000 stores around the world as the worst recession in decades drove consumers to tighten their belts.
110,The pilot of an Indonesian plane that crashed at an airport on Java island killing 21 people has been jailed for two years for criminal negligence.
111,The world's highest ski run has closed after running out of snow over several years — the Chacaltaya ski area in Bolivia stood at 5300m (17388ft) on a glacier.
112,Savana Redding then an eighth-grader and now 19 was so humiliated she never went back to the school. Her mother sued the school district and the administrator involved.
113,Oslo has held two referendums on the matter one in 1974 after negotiating an accession agreement and another in 1994.
114,Howard D. Schultz Starbucks' chief executive told investors Wednesday after announcing that the company's second-quarter net income had dropped 77 percent that "The global economy continues to be weak.
115,Giampaolo Giuliani told locals to evacuate their houses and posted a video on YouTube in which he said a build-up of radon gas around the seismically active area of Abruzzo suggested a major earthquake was imminent.
116,The former computer programmer has been without a job for less than two months and says the idea for the four-event competition — Telephone toss Payday piñata Pin-the-Blame-on-the-Boss and the "You're Fired!" race — just popped into his head one night
117,She said technology education and outreach will curb deaths but funding and staff are also part of the equation. Pietenpol said the National Cancer Institute stands to receive $1.3 billion in stimulus package funds.
118,Prosecutors accused Mr. Meinl of artificially bolstering shares of the real estate company Meinl European Land on the Vienna stock exchange even as its investments in real estate across Eastern and Central Europe cratered.
119,The telecoms minister was among about 35 people injured in the blast at the town of Akuressa 160km (100 miles) south of the capital Colombo.
120,Disney would give Hulu exclusive access to at least some of its online video in exchange for an equity stake alongside GE's (GE) NBC and News Corp.'s (NWS) Fox.
61,Children were among the victims of a plane crash that killed as many as 17 people Sunday in Butte Montana
62,Memphis-based chief financial officer James Davis who asserted his Fifth Amendment rights in court
63,World champion Valentino Rossi
64,American Amanda Knox 21 and her former Italian boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito who was also studying in the university town in Umbria
65,US music producer Phil Spector
66,A court in Venezuela has jailed nine former police officers for their role in the deaths of 19 people
67,Together they roamed the house in Amityville
68,74-year-old Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama.
69,the Yad Vashem museum in Jerusalem
70,Richardson who is married to Irish actor Liam Neeson
71,slowing operating-related cash outflows reducing outstanding debt lowering our structural costs
72,About 4315000 children were born in 2007 about 15000 more births than the peak time of the baby boom
73,Rodrigo Avila who has admitted defeat
74,Despite her age Dr Levi-Montalcini a neurologist and development biologist still works every day
75,as the singer drove home with Rihanna by his side from a pre-Grammy Awards party
76,Kelly D. Brownell of Yale University his co-author argue in the New England Journal of Medicine
77,iPhone helped beat Wall Street's expectation of a bigger drop.
78,Crippa died a week ago at Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital seven days after he ate a heaping plate of the deadly Amanita ocreata mushrooms
79,Mr. Goddard who is from Rochester Hills Mich. and lives in the East Village.
80,The teenager's death brings the total number of young people to die in violent circumstances in London this year to seven
1,lead defending world champion Valentino Rossi and the other riders away on the warm-up lap
2,fall to 43 cents in July
3,Mr Johnson said it was likely there would still be more cases and there was the possibility of a second wave in the autumn or winter
4,A Spanish man who has admitted killing a Welsh couple has expressed remorse for his actions and apologised to their son in his murder trial
5,Fifth and Fourteenth amendment rights are being violated because there is no way for them to apply for an occupational license
6,Dona Porcela's treatment room in Puerto Cabezas the main town on Nicaragua's Northern Caribbean coast.
7,IBM may pay as much as US$6.5 billion in cash for Sun the newspaper reported
8,Juventus coach Claudio Ranieri said
9,Yet its child malnourishment levels are worse than Ethiopia's and on a par with those of Eritrea and Burkina Faso.
10,A teenager who bashed a tourist to death with a baseball bat
11,U.S. billionaire tourist Charles Simonyi has docked at the international space station.
12,died Monday at his home in Godfrey Ill. of congestive heart failure. He was 89.
13,Honolulu Mayor Mufi Hannemann is also hoping to lure the 31st Summer Olympic Games
14,Three major bombings in less than a week will be causing some anxiety among political leaders in Baghdad and Washington.
15,ut Groening has come out in defense of the plot saying "Cartoons deal in stereotypes. We try to be sensitive."
16,this week Cardinal Edward M. Egan returned to the pulpit of St. Patrick's Cathedral on Thursday to participate in Holy Week services for the last time as archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York.
17,Access to YouTube was also blocked in 2007 and 2008 during high-profile government meetings and following last year's unrest in Tibet
18,"Ken Lewis has now become the lightning rod of controversy and that is highly distracting" said Jeffrey A. Sonnenfeld a professor at the Yale School of Management who believes Mr. Lewis should resign
19,refusing permission for scores of survivors and the families of victims to appear before it.
20,Ian Tomlinson 47 died last Wednesday after encountering riot police near the Bank of England as he returned home from his work as a newsagent
21,But lest I be judged too quickly I must convey the sublimity of the fourth floor's coffee machine. Harry Houdini performed at the Hippodrome at 1120 Avenue of the Americas near 44th Street.
22,The Grapes of Wrath published exactly 70 years ago can be seen as a prophetic novel rooted in the tragedies of the Great Depression but speaking directly to the harsh realities of 2009 writes Steinbeck scholar Robert DeMott.
23,When a mosquito drinks the blood an infected person the insect also swallows the malaria parasite which then must incubate and multiply before migrating into the insect's saliva. The process can take weeks
24,As the head of an Episcopal diocese of 16000 he spends his days counseling priests and their families
25,At least 14 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in southern Sri Lanka police say. The telecoms minister was among about 35 people injured in the blast at the town of Akuressa 160km (100 miles) south of the capital Colombo.
26,military's allegations that he was part of al-Qaida and had worked for the Taliban in Afghanistan. He is held in a section of Guantanamo where prisoners are permitted more privileges while he awaits release.
27,An area of thick jungle and mountains roughly the size of Spain Papua is the eastern-most outpost of the Indonesian archipelago some 3200km (2000 miles) from the government in Jakarta.
28,The documents appear to prove that Gen Bosco Ntaganda is taking an active part in the mission's chain of command a BBC correspondent in the country says. The UN-Congolese force is fighting Hutu rebels in the eastern DR Congo.
29,portrayed by Nicolas Cage in the 2005 movie 'Lord of War'
30,board the Canada-bound charter plane but all have now been released. The man breached security and boarded as the plane was about to take off at around 2230 local time (0330 GMT). Negotiations for the release of the hostages are said to be taking place.
31,The Wildlife Conservation Society which manages the city's zoos and the New York Aquarium in Coney Island is among the many organizations in the city facing steep budget cuts.
32,The Czech Republic has allowed at least 94 prisoners over the past decade to be surgically castrated. It is the only country in Europe that uses the procedure for sex offenders.
33,The film was made because of my personal interest in the poetry of Pablo Neruda a Chilean poet and it was a tribute to his work. I wasn't sure anyone else would like it.
34,. I just thought this was absurd. "I assume it's because it's a common law offence therefore because there is no law on the statute book which I was alleged to have broken then presumably there is no set sentence for it."
35,The organisation which is fighting for an independent Basque country in north-west Spain and south-west France has killed more than 800 people since 1968.
36,the United States is working to dissuade North Korea from going ahead with its plan to launch a satellite next month. U.S. officials say the launch is a disguised long-range missile test and would be destabilizing.
37,At least 100 people are now suspected to have died of the disease in Mexico. The UN has warned the virus has the potential to become a pandemic but said the world was better prepared than ever to deal with the threat.
38,It formed over the Bahamas on August 23 2005 and crossed southern Florida
39,The very existence of orphanages encourages poor parents to abandon children in the hope that they will have a better life."
40,Mr Kim's re-election comes days after a rocket launch that was lauded at home but criticised at the UN.
141,The biggest town in Pennsylvania's Amish country
142,Onna has become a symbol of the destruction wrought by the April 6 earthquake that killed 296 people in the central Abruzzo region
143,India has higher rates of malnourished children than sub-Saharan Africa despite having the money to tackle the problem
144,Richard Falk an American Jew and a leading authority on International law called the situation a "prelude to genocide". Gaza he said was "slouching towards a holocaust"
145,The research focuses on getting stem cells to regenerate the nerve-insulating myelin
146,A Northern Ireland teenager has been charged with the murder of PSNI constable Stephen Carroll earlier this month
147,NASA's Near Earth Object Program 2004
148,Paraguay's president was hit with another paternity claim Monday
149,Falun Gong's protest against China's persecution as Beijing cracked down on the group and declared it a cult in 1999
150,GlaxoSmithKline is nearing a deal to acquire Stiefel Laboratories a large maker of dermatology products for as much as $3 billion people with knowledge of the talks said Sunday
151,President President Ratu Josefa Iloilo repealed the country's constitution on Friday appointed himself head of state and set a 2014 election deadline
152,megamouth shark one of the rarest fishes in the world with only 40 others recorded to have been encountered the World Wildlife Fund said Tuesday
153,China has rejected Coca-Cola's planned $2.4 billion acquisition of top juice maker
154,Cuba after Mr Castro took power in 1959 making it the only Communist state in the Americas and a Cold War
155,Eating two and a half ounces of baby broccoli daily for two months may protect against a common stomach bug that is linked to gastritis ulcers and even stomach cancer
156,NGO forum could not be so easily tamed
157,Boyle also revealed his plans to make a flick in China
158,American atomic bombs dropped on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in August 1945
159,Al Capone and his family has hit the market for $450000
160,De Klerk was South Africa's last white president and shared the 1993 Nobel Peace prize with Nelson Mandela for fostering racial unity
181,Libération and Reporters without Borders suspect this attack was a deliberate act of intimidation decided by the Tunisian regime.
182,In response to Ike and as part of an ongoing effort to save threatened historic sites across the United States Brink's organization has added the Galveston district to its annual list of "America's 11 Most Endangered Historic Places."
183,Many here believe that the tribunal's decision could cut into Mr. Hariri's votes by spreading the impression that Syria could escape being brought to account for the assassination of his father and be emboldened to rebuild its influence here.
184,In 1988 a pregnant woman died after contact with sick pigs.
185,Representatives of 27 countries with a high incidence of multi-drug resistant TB (MDR-TB) are meeting in Beijing for a three-day conference organised by the UN World Health Organisation (WHO) China's Ministry of Health and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to secure funding and action to combat the spread of MDR-TB and extensively drug-resistant TB (XDR-TB).
186,Tributes have been paid to writer and broadcaster Sir Clement Freud who has died at his London home nine days short of his 85th birthday.
187,Marco Island's fringe and the surrounding Ten Thousand Islands are mostly made up of mangrove trees.
188,Blagojevich first compared himself to Arnold Schwarzenegger whom he described as "my favorite governor" — well now that he's no longer governor of Illinois.
189,Madonna's lawyer Alan Chinula said later yesterday that he has "filed notice for appeal in the Supreme Court of Appeal.
190,Matt Groening the show's creator initially imagined that a movie would surface once the series ended.
191,Ernie Barnes whose drawings and paintings of athletes dancers and other figures in motion reflected his first career as a professional football player
192,Critics of Mr. Lieberman were outraged at the outcome of the recent coalition negotiations which put Yisrael Beiteinu in charge of the Ministry of Public Security which is responsible for the police.
193,New York's rural 20th Congressional District becomes the center of the American political world this week in a special election that's piqued the interest of both major parties.
194,North Korea's state news agency says that leader Kim Jong Il observed the launch of the country's satellite.
195,The doctor who supervises Formula 1's Bahrain Grand Prix has been under suspension in the run-up to this year's race the BBC has learned.
196,he U.N. Security Council unanimously condemned North Korea's launch of a long-range rocket on April 5 saying the action contravened a U.N. ban.
197,The government of Niger and Tuareg rebels of the Movement of Niger People for Justice (MNJ) have agreed to end hostilities according to reports.
198,Lib Dem justice spokesman David Howarth said the footage showed a "sickening and unprovoked attack" by police.
199,The tiny Swiss canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden has voted to prohibit the phenomenon of naked hiking.
200,Although he had served in the Illinois state senate for eight years it was only in 2004 that he shot to national prominence with a speech that stirred the Democratic National Convention.
221,Alex had been sent to the office earlier that day and when he came back to class Portillo
222,I m riding with seventeen members of the Cardiff Socialist Party of which Saunders is branch secretary of the Cardiff West branch
223,The victims 11 and nine say they were robbed and beaten in an area of fields and woodland in Edlington northern English on Saturday
224,Secretary of State of the Vatican City Cardinal Tarcisio said that the Pope apologized for the way his remarks made
225,the other one is a farmer Vitor Miro Bastos de Moura known as Bida who is believed to have contracted the assassins. The murdered man was identified as the peasant Adalberto Xavier Leal known as the Cabeludo or the Hairy Man.
226,Elmwood Avenue neighborhood and surrounding area in Buffalo heard a competing proposal for development in their neighborhood
227,Society Promoting Environmental Conservation(SPEC) and the Western Canada Wilderness Committee delivered petitions
228,Her now husband Perry Myers called the police when Julianna and her parents did not attend the pre-wedding dinner.
229,Peter Clottey that President Kufuor is concerned about the tensions in Kenya.
230,The Steel City Diner printed 100 shirts celebrating the convention only to run out on Friday afternoon.
231,visual and hearing disability impairments as complicated  of treatment
232,Stelmach now premier-Designate of Alberta will be sworn in as Premier of the Canadian province once outgoing leader Ralph Klein leaves office later this month
233,Governor Bush appearing with his wife at a Miami museum
234,Nicole Wong the associate general counsel for Google sad "Google is not a party to this lawsuit and their demand for information overreaches"
235,Companies like Dell are already selling computers via the virtual world but Sweden would become the first country to have a cyber-embassy in Second Life.
236,Ramzan Kadyrov son of former Chechen Leader Akhmad Kadyrov
237,United States that Arar was linked to Al Qaeda and wrongly described him as an "Islamic extremist individual"
238,NSW Premier Morris lemma announced in December 2005 that he wished to sell the sate's share in Snowy Hydro
239,Ryssia plans to start construction next year of Vostochny a new space launch facility in the far eastern Amur region near China.
240,Gannon/Guckert was a reporter for the news service Talon News a website believed by some to be a branch of the GOPUSA up until his recent resignation due to the incidents surrounding him
261,American actress Estelle Getty has died at the age of 84
262,Her only daughter died of typhoid fever when she was a toddler.
263,Vladislav Doronin is married it has emerged
264,The owner of the Santika Club site of the 2009 Bangkok nightclub fire is to be charged along with twelve other directors over the disaster
265,former Guiding Light actor Michael Tylo
266,In Norway the Oslo and Akershus County Medical Officer has announced that it is launching an inquiry into a possible scientific hoax involving cancer researchers from Norway the U.S.
267,Raymond Arndt a 32 year-old reservist from Peers Alberta was killed in a traffic accident August 5th when the G-Wagon he was travelling collided head-on with a civilian truck 35 kilometres southeast of Kandahar.
268,Andry Rajoelina who ousted Madagascan ex-president President Marc Ravalomanana earlier this week officially became the leader of the country after being sworn in on Saturday.
269,The eruption happened at around 1:30 PM local time the United States Geological Survey reported
270,In the latest attempt to evict Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra ahead of next week's election tens of thousands of protesters have rallied in Bangkok Thailand.
271,Hydrogen fluoride is a hazardous and highly corrosive chemical compound used mostly for industrial purposes
272,A major security hole was discovered in the pseudo-random number generator (PRNG) of the Debian version of OpenSSL
273,The MeK which formerly operated under Saddam Hussein's protection in Iraq has claimed bombings in the past but vehemently denies participating in the recent spate of attacks
274,Wikinews previously reported on a letterbox for sale on New Zealand internet auction site TradeMe which has now reached a bid of $26.03 by Eliz "polysstew".
275,Paris Hilton is out of jail after serving three weeks in the same
276,Brawn-Mercedes driver Jenson Button wins FIA Formula One 2009 Petronas Malaysian Grand Prix at Sepang International Circuit Sepang Selangor Malaysia.
277,he as-yet-unnamed Russian spaceship could emerge as a potential competitor to NASA's prospective Orion spacecraft
278,Destructive winds are expected to commence along the coast between Ingham and Port Douglas
279,Stock markets around the world particularly those in the United Kingdom have increased dramatically today
280,A Spanish court is considering opening a criminal investigation into whether six former George W. Bush administration officia
281,Clarkson died February 3 2003 at Spector's mansion the "Pyrenees Castle"
282,Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during Jiabao's state visit to India April 9-12 at Singh's invitation
283,Senator Dunn started off the meeting by thanking the panelists and parents
284,Félix Houphouët-Boigny Stadium in Abidjan and according to interior minister Desire Tagro
285,Bill Clinton canceled a speech in New York City.
286,f Grace's fiancee in 1979 she became a prosecutor in her native Georgia
287,the Hubble Space Telescope has shut down and is likely to only be restored to partial functionality
288,Bailey Howth Co Dublin died in August 2004.
289,Bill McMaster is running for the Family Coalition Party in the Ontario provincial election in the Lambton-Kent-Middlesex riding
290,Bush administration's refusal to sign.
291,Prime Minister of Russia Vladimir Putin said that "it is regrettable that on the day before the opening of the Olympic Games
292,the Temple of Taposiris Magna dedicated to the goddess Isis. The temple was constructed about 300 BC by Ptolemy II.
293,the David L. Lawrence Convention Center over the Independence Day weekend for the world's largest ever furry convention Anthrocon 2007
294,Rebecca Kate Haley 25 had been dead for at least seven hours when a ticket for illegal parking was put on the windshield
295,Mechelen and also in its stronghold Antwerp.
296,Patrick Doohan and his hotel Ostan Thoraigh Comhlacth Teoranta for ongoing trespass and physical damage to his one-time holiday home on Tory Island off the Donegal coast.
297,Nicolas Sarkozy of France married the supermodel-turned-singer Carla Bruni at the Elysée Palace on Saturday witnesses said
298,Fisheries Agency is pleased the whaling mission will no longer be obstructed:Fisheries Agency is pleased the whaling mission will no longer be obstructed:
299,Prima TV the station where two of the kidnapped journalists worked
300,Joba's father Harlan Chamberlain 55 collapsed at his home in Lincoln and is currently at St. Elizabeth Regional Medical Center
401,Robert Morgan 64 passed a red signal at Purley and struck an oncoming service on March 4 1989 killing five and injuring 80 more
402,Yushchenko to assert that the results were invalid.
403,President Ronald Reagan who attracted Republican and Democratic voters.
404,21-year-old woman has been charged in relation to the riots at Sydney's Cronulla Beach last year.
405,who need food from the World Food Program could rise from today's 1.2 million to exceed 2.5 million people according to United Nations
406,s online users whose editorial suggestions are accepted and published entirely or in part will be credited by name in the section of the article that lists contributors.
407,Venus Williams triumphed over Marion Bartoli of France 6-4 6-1 yesterday to win the Women's Singles event at the 2007 Wimbledon Championships
408,Doris Lessing recipient of the 2007 Nobel Prize in Literature has said in an interview that the terrorist attack
409,Ms. Sierra needs to devote a great deal of time to putting her life back together
410,The main point the two leaders agreed on was that only diplomatic means should be used in solving such international conflicts as in Afghanistan Iraq and especially Iran with its nuclear program issue.
411,Copyright is a kind of monopoly that is granted to the creator so that they may get the revenue
412,Florida evangelist Kent Hovind and his wife Jo were found guilty on 58 federal counts
413,road between Barnsley and Wakefield is revealed as the most dangerous road in Britain.
414,Since the wedding is to be held in the summer of 2010 it gives the court 18 months
415,He suffered from a fatal heart attack on Wednesday. He was 65. He was a native of Greenville
416,DTV Delay Act enacted on Wednesday. However it left a loophole for broadcasters allowing them to make the switch anytime
417,restart its journey when the second train came at high speed
418,Faculty and students have been told to evacuate the campus. All 23 schools in Montgomery County VA are on lockdown
419,Apple have released several re-designs of their popular iPod range
420,President has encourage Spain to bid for the 2018 World Cup
481,Queensland National Senator Barnaby Joyce who met with the 43 refugees on Christmas Island said they appear to have a genuine asylum claim and had been persecuted because of their Christian beliefs.
482,Mr Rao has been credited for Indian economic reforms during his tenure from 1991 to 1996 and for supporting then finance minister and current Indian prime minister Manmohan Singh's.
483,Lille started the game with a defensive lineup as well hoping to stall the Red Devils and make a score later in the match.
484,The first Gulf War in 1991 and ensuing sanctions made economic conditions in Iraq difficult and literacy and employment rates of women began falling.
485,Criss Angel told Uri Geller and Jim Callahan "I will give you a million dollars of my personal money right now if either one of you can tell me specific details of what's in [this envelope] right now."
486,Remnants of tropical storm Ernesto in southern Ontario could have caused accidents. OPP Sgt. Cam Woolley said on Sunday that about 130 crashes could be attributed to "people going too fast in the rain and hydroplaning."
487,The Zambian government has previously been criticised by some for its annual ban on fishing during December. It is unclear whether this policy which was widely applauded by environmentalists and implemented to protect sensitive.
488,Women are the new victims of Islamic groups intent on restoring a medieval barbarity and of a political establishment that cares little for women's empowerment.
489,The Telegraph quotes Yuschenko as saying to deputies: "Ukraine is on the threshold of a civil conflict.
490,In the October 2006 killing of journalist and human rights activist Anna Politkovskaya were acquitted by a 12-person Russian jury..
491,Sicilian Mafia boss Salvatore Lo Piccolo considered to be one of the successors of the former "boss of bosses" Bernardo Provenzano (arrested in April 2006) was arrested at 9:30 a.m.
492,The closure of a mathematics summer camp in Sirince Izmir Turkey by Turkish authorities has drawn scorn from scientists around the world.
493,Cathal became one of Ryanair's first pilots having trained as one in the 1980s in Sri Lanka when his father set up the airline in 1985 in trust for his three sons of which Cathal was the eldest.
494,She is Queen of sixteen independent nations known as the Commonwealth Realms which includes the United Kingdom.
495,Alexandre Lomaia the head of the Georgian security council said that President Saakashvili's proposal states that the Georgian troops will withdraw from Tskhinvali and will stop reacting to the Russian bombings.
496,Leona Lewis has broken Billboard records in the United States to become the first female British pop star to reach a number one spot on the music charts in over 20 years and became the third solo British artist ever to reach the top charts.
497,When the budget was tabled last month Harper initially said his party would support the bill.
498,Police officers and officials at an emergency meeting have voted to ballot every United Kingdom police officer over the right to strike. They also called for the home secretary Jacqui Smith.
499,Russian President Vladimir Putin said he will accept a nomination for Prime Minister of Russia as Dmitry Medvedev has suggested he will do if he wins the presidential election.
500,Honda's Civic and Ridgeline truck won the North American Car and Truck of the Year awards at the International Auto Show in Detroit.
501,Kennedy collapsed as a result of a seizure and was taken away by paramedics in a wheelchair.was diagnosed with brain cancer which required an operation.
502,A mathematical summer school in Turkey run by mathematics professor Ali Nesin has been closed by the authorities apparently for "teaching without a permit" and "founding an illegal institution".
503,Paul Harvey was one of the most gifted and beloved broadcasters in our nation's history. As he delivered the news each day with his own unique style and commentary his voice became a trusted friend in American households
504,There is no such thing as a chemical imbalance in a body" reflect the beliefs of the Church of Scientology of which he is a member. The interview became particularly tense when Lauer mentioned that he knew people who had been helped by taking Ritalin an attention-deficit disorder drug.
505,Mr Gonda credited the pub's success to the "excellent brewers we deal with our faithful and supportive pub regulars and our invaluable staff members." It was this community support which helped the pub recover so quickly after the 2007 flooding with Mr Wraith describing the day the waters entered the pub.
506,Seven miners have been killed and seven more are missing after a coal mine flooded in north China's Hebei province. The Xinhua news agency reports the latest coal mine disaster occurred around 5:00 a.m. on Saturday in Xingtai City.A reason for the accident has not yet been given.
507,Jen McVean witnessed the event and she said the stage was "completely on fire".
508,He will start on February 5. Mr Lammas said: Rural police officers in small and somewhat isolated communities in particular have a fine and sometimes difficult balance
509,Rosa Parks the African American woman who served as a catalyst to the American Civil Rights Movement died of natural causes on Monday night at her home in Detroit Michigan
510,Fans of the American hard rock band Aerosmith have launched legal action against the band in response to a late cancellation of a scheduled concert on the Hawaiian Island of Maui
511,Senator Joyce has given notice to disallow regulations that would force the government to debate them in the House of Representatives and the Senate.
512,he Bolivian President Evo Morales 49 has claimed victory after voters ratified a new leftist constitution granting more power to the country's indigenous majority. "The indigenous farmers the most marginalized sector throughout the history of the republic are now recognized as people
513,U.S. Senator Sam Brownback formerly the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee with responsibility for Southeast Asia commented: I offer my deepest condolences for the loss of Benazir Bhutto and to the families of those killed today
514,The Volvo 850 TDI was being driven by a local teacher when it struck the children who had been on their way to school. Driver Catherine Kohtz later asserted that the brake pedal had become stiff and the brakes themselves unresponsive as she traveled along the steep road.
515,ELFAST UNITED KINGDOM Thieves have gotten away with money believed to be in excess of £20m ($39m) from the headquarters of Northern Bank a subsidiary of National Australia Bank in Northern Ireland.
516,It is the first time in the history of the Volvo Adventure Award that a Kenyan project has been selected as an international finalist.
517,Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang told reporters that China is protesting Japan's plan to allow drilling for gas and oil in disputed waters in the East China Sea characterizing the move as "a serious provocation"
518,With the GDP of some of these economies rivaling that of some small countries the US government is wondering if it is missing out on a potential source of tax revenue: or as some gamers might put it the IRS is asking "You buy gold?"
519,he Kelham Island Tavern in Sheffield's Kelham Island Quarter was in a "semi derelict" state when it was purchased in 2001. After it was re-opened in 2002 by licensee Trevor Wraith and manager Lewis Gonda business quickly picked up and the pub has been awarded Sheffield CAMRA's local Pub of the Year award for the past four years.
520,A further email sent to all staff by Defra's permanent secretary indicates that Charing Cross and Waterloo mainline railway stations have been closed down for police searches and that other stations could close for similar reasons later today.
521,James Horwitz Chairman of the UTA Department of Physics was contacted by the Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban to study the new ball
522,Movie studio company New Line Cinema has announced that movie director Peter Jackson will never be allowed to work on another New Line film.
523,Members of the Church such as Peter H. Gilmore Peggy Nadramia Boyd Rice Adam Parfrey Diabolos Rex and musician King Diamond were active in media appearances to refute allegations of criminal activity and the FBI would later issue an official report debunking the criminal conspiracy theories of this time.
524,CNET editor former Fresh Gear contributor and Lab analyst James Kim has been missing since Saturday.
525,Prosecutors claim Foley slashed Yelenic several times with a knife and pushed his head through a small window causing a further gash on his neck. Yelenic bled to death.
526,Frank was a Jewish girl who was hiding from the German occupation of the Netherlands during World War II and often referred to the tree as being "comforting" as she looked out the hidden apartment skylight.
527,M/B Mae Jan' a wooden-hulled ferry was carrying 102 passengers after an eight-hour voyage from Calayan Island in the Luzon Strait for Appari when it capsized less than 300 meters (984 feet) from its destination at 8:30 p.m. Its bamboo outrigger broke due to strong waves as it reached the mouth of the Cagayan River ('Bannag' Rio Grande de Cagayan 'Ilog ng Kagayan') along Barangay Linao about 50 meters from the shoreline of Pallog village.
528,This sort of stall is known as an aggravated stall and it can be very difficult to return the aeroplane to normal flight from one.
529,The movie is offered under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-ShareAlike 2.5 license; this allows people to use edit or share the movie in any way (except commercially) as long as they credit the creators.
530,EU leaders including European Commission President José Manuel Barroso have made recognising the island member-state a key pre-requisite for talks however Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has previously said that he would not bow to demands to recognise the nation citing this as one of four red lines he will not cross.
531,The operator warns Fortune that the police are on their way and then tells him to not block the drive-thru.
532,She has been the President of the Awami League a major political party in Bangladesh since 1981.
533,Two British Army soldiers have been killed in a gun attack outside an army base in County Antrim Northern IrelandThe attack occurred at 21:40 GMT outside the Massereene army base home to 38 Engineering Regiment 16 miles north west of Belfast. According to the police four others two other soldiers and two civilians have been hurt one critically.
534,CTV will broadcast a documentary on Brian Mulroney on the eve of his book launch. In addition the network plans to air Triumph Treachery:
535,Mr Bibbs was born with a genetic disease called neurofibromatosis (NF) which causes him to develop tumors on his body (see infobox on the right). NF can be a subtle disease but in Bibbs' case it has left him with a disfigured face and deformed leg.
536,The Dubai television network in the United Arab Emirates had exclusive access to the President.
537,Five policemen and two bystanders were killed and seven members of the Sri Lankan cricket team have been injured in a coordinated gun and rocket attack by 12 to 14 gunmen in Lahore Pakistan at about 8.00 a.m local time.
538,Baldry was considered an innovator and inspiration in blues music in the 1950s and 60s and is credited with inspiring other music legends such as Elton John Rod Stewart Eric Clapton and The Rolling Stones.
539,This is an attempt by the government to get unlimited power to impose multimillion-dollar fines on any basis without any parliamentary approval or discussion whatsoever." Harper said.
540,Christopher Hitchens called him a "Bin Ladenist" and Cathy Young editorialized in The Boston Globe that he "blames the victims of terrorism" when he puts out a novel like Snowball's Chance a biting send-up of George Orwell's Animal Farm which he was inspired to write after the terrorist attacks on September 11.
541,This tells us we've got water ice within reach of the arm which means we can continue this investigation with the tools we brought with us
542,Cardinal Murphy-O'Connor said "I am very glad to welcome Tony Blair into the Catholic Church
543,the railway accident in the Ukraine last Monday is becoming more and more cryptic
544,The Saint Paul Winter Carnival in Saint Paul Minnesota suffered a brief thaw on Monday with Monday's 41°F afternoon temperature plummeting below zero twenty four hours later
545,On Tuesday February 24 Hilda Solis was sworn in as the new United States Secretary of Labor.
546,Former Chilean President Augusto Pinochet 91 has suffered a heart attack early this morning
547,22-year-old Sierra is a resident of Tampa and reached the final of the show's fourth season in 2005
548,Rother points out that Social Security benefits which currently equal 42 percent of the earnings of an average worker retiring at age 65 would be reduced to 20%
549,"Three detainees in Villawood remain on voluntary starvation" an immigration department spokesman said
550,The bodies of five women within the United Kingdom have been found in or around the county of Suffolk in the east of England.
551,Mr Lu was later found to have survived but suffered serious injuries.
552,An unnamed 27-year-old man has been arrested and charged with "public order offenses" after he threw a shoe at the Chinese prime minister
553,neurofibromatosis victim Pascal Coler of France ended after having received what his doctors call the worlds first successful full face transplant.
554,midnight Castro communicated by telephone with Uribe for two hours. They decided that Castro would send his Vice-chancellor with a letter detailing what they had talked about to Chávez.
555,O.J. Simpson was sentenced to prison for 15 years yesterday morning on charges of kidnapping and armed robbery of two sports memorabilia dealers at a hotel in Las Vegas Nevada
556,Djibouti has said that unless the UN intervenes there will be war.
557,The government stated it is opposed to commercial whaling but that taking such action would be "counter-productive".
558,Windows 7 users will have the ability to remove Internet Explorer
559,Monzo also said authorities have failed to investigate several other suspects including Yelenic's neighbor.
560,Manchester United defeated Lille in the Champions League round of 16
581,A new medal has been created for New Zealanders who helped in recovery efforts after the Boxing Day Tsunami. Called the New Zealand Special Service Medal
582,Statfjord is 200 km (124 miles) off the coast of Norway located to the east of Bergen
583,Charles Chibitty the last surviving member of the group of 17 who served in World War II as the Comanche code talkers died in a Tulsa Oklahoma nursing home July 20
584,The Story of Ingrid Newkirk and PETA. Since its inception People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) has made headlines and raised eyebrows.
585,Between the hours of 3:00 pm and 8:45 pm GMT on Monday March 24 2008 an 87-year-old woman was raped in her own home in Great Yarmouth Norfolk England
586,Gordon Brown has become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom
587,632 Air Canada flight attendants will lose their jobs in November as the airline is eliminating flights and routes.
588,Sam Brownback is perplexed.
589,Actress Claire Danes appeared Wednesday in Toronto on the television series MuchOnDemand to promote her new film Stardust
590,The Simpsons has been on television for 17 seasons and FOX confirms that it will run at least two more seasons. The show is currently contracted through FOX until 2008 and is the longest running television show on prime-time in the United States.
591,Prosecutors said they could call as many as 70 witnesses to try and prove Foley wanted Yelenic to die
592,Ion Mihai Pacepa an ex-head of Romanian intelligence and Terry McAuliffe an aide to Bill Clinton have unrelated claims that Arafat was homosexual. It has been alleged that the PLO's leader may have contracted HIV as the result of risky homosexual behavior in the years preceding the AIDS scare of the late 1980s
593,The BBC's correspondent Alan Johnston based in Gaza has been freed after almost four months in captivity.
594,The Real IRA has claimed responsibility for a gun attack last night that killed two British soldiers and wounded two.
595,Reports say that the host of the United States television game show Jeopardy! Alex Trebek 67 is being hospitalized after suffering from a minor heart attack. "Alex Trebek host of 'Jeopardy!' has had a minor heart attack.
596,Pakistani officials say the Scotland Yard team will lend forensic and technical expertise to the investigation which is being carried out by the government as controversy swirls around the death of Ms. Bhutto.
597,The current Iraqi president Jalal Talabani said that former president Saddam Hussein confessed to various crimes and killings which were committed during his regime. Some of these cases are currently under investigation
598,J.K. Rowling the author of the "Harry Potter" series has revealed the release date of the seventh and final installment Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows July 21 2007. Mary GrandPre the illustrator of the first six books will return to illustrate the new novel.
599,The fossilized forest was preserved following a major earthquake
600,A few minutes later the pilots alerted the station that the problem had been fixed and requested permission to ascend
41,Gandhi the former prime minister who was assassinated in 1984
42,Leonardo da Vinci's best-known painting was hanging in her usual place on the wall of the Salon Carré
43,The Vatican said Dolan would succeed Cardinal Edward Egan 76 who is retiring as archbishop after nearly nine years.
44,tate media said lawmakers re-elected Kim chairman of the powerful National Defense Commission at the opening session of the new parliament
45,Roman Catholic Church is in the forefront of the battle against Aids
46,Prime Minister Pushpa Kamal Dahal Prachanda deputy premier
47,t proposed replacing the dollar as the world's main reserve currency with a new global system under the control
48,Tarek Hussein Farid maintained the discipline to walk some 15 miles each day through the busy streets of Egypt's capital.
49,The earthquake happened at 0332 (0132 GMT) hours after a 4.6-magnitude tremor shook the area but caused no reported damage.
50,. Lake Kivu possesses a unique source of energy methane gas held in solution deep within the lake water.
51,Trafalgar Square from the US Embassy in central London.
52,Lynn Marie Nabozny 32 of Newport Beach was arrested for public intoxication and later released
53,MADAGASCAR'S constitutional court declared Andry Rajoelina as the new president of the vast Indian Ocean island
54,Josh Schwartz: Creating in the New Media Landscape
55,164 people dead and 308 injured they were really venting the frustrations of having to cope
56,Nadya Suleman the Southern California woman who gave birth to octuplets in January
57,Metsamor which currently produces about 40 percent of the country's electricity
58,Ernest Manirumva who suffered stab wounds to the head was the deputy chairman of a Burundi corruption
59,At least 100 homes were believed burned down in Midwest City Oklahoma a suburb of Oklahoma City.
60,iPhone more than doubled from the same quarter one year ago while iPod sales also grew
81,The pope flew by helicopter from Vatican City to a tent camp near the village of Onna where he led a prayer in the cold and rainy weather for the hundreds killed in the April 6 quake. The camp houses hundreds of families left homeless
82,dengue fever which is the most widespread tropical disease after malaria.
83,A Ugandan spy who set up a bogus charity and embezzled thousands of dollars of funding meant for Aids patients has been jailed for 10 years. Teddy Sseezi Cheeye
84,Sheik Adil Kalbani dreamed that he had become an imam at the Grand Mosque in Mecca Islam's holiest city
85,Markoff was a classmate
86,Kirk Kerkorian the billionaire mogul and major shareholder in General Motors Corp
87,invoke the Fifth Amendment when he refused in court Tuesday to reveal his sources in a 2004 story about a terrorism prosecutor.
88,But organising meetings is becoming easier and group meditation can now be seen in public locations.
89,Harry 24 served with the British Army
90,classic movie starring Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman.
91,Emily wrote "Wuthering Heights"
92,China has rejected Coca-Cola Co.'s $2.3 billion bid to buy a major Chinese juice producer
93,The Geelong man 49
94,A Japanese pop singer
95,the 47-year-old newspaper seller
96,not former President Vladimir Putin
97,Mr Bouton who admitted that "like any manager I have certainly made mistakes" will now stand down on 6 May.
98,1 million users a month up from 544313 a year ago.
99,The Pritzker jury praised Mr. Zumthor's use of materials.
100,attention has been drawn to widespread mistrust of Japan by Chinese
121,Despite their lapdog looks Portuguese water dogs are classified as working dogs.
122,But Mr Petrini who founded Slow Food in 1986 as a reaction to the arrival of McDonald's near the Spanish Steps in Rome began his campaign out of fear that the Mediterranean way of life was being eroded by alien habits such as a sandwich at the desk instead of lunch.
123,A middle-aged volunteer church worker with the voice of an angel is Britain's latest unlikely showbiz star.
124,Tamim said that he would ask Interpol to arrest the member of Parliament Adam S. Delimkhanov and that it was "Russia's responsibility in front of the world to control these killers from Chechnya."
125,Felipe Calderon seems to be doing all the right things in cracking down on Mexico's drug traffickers.
126,The Obama administration has told Chrysler it will provide up to $6 billion in new financing on top of the $4 billion in loans it has already given the company if Chrysler can complete a deal by next Thursday with a cost structure that gives it a chance of survival.
127,The Majority Leader Senator Harry Reid Democrat of Nevada tried unsuccessfully to get unanimous consent to confirm Ms. Sebelius.
128,the Pope Benedict XVI
129,Prince Charles and his wife met today with the Pope Benedict XVI at the Vatican to talk about the environment.
130,Correspondents say the most-wanted list is a public challenge to the cartels
131,Paul Collier a leading poverty guru spent a recent morning here waxing positive about how the world's economic freefall might prove the perfect moment for Haiti to sell more exports like T-shirts and mangoes to Americans.
132,Mr. Andrade said he thought he had "killed it" after striking Ms. Zapata in the head until she stopped breathing.
133,Yet to Justice Souter who told President Obama last week that he would retire from the Supreme Court in June and return to rural New Hampshire at the relatively young age of 69 this is apparently heaven.
134,Catholic populations estimated at 158 million Africa
135,Here's a new economic indicator: the diminishing level of glamour on Paris Hilton's reality TV show
136,First runner-up Carrie Prejean (Miss California) was asked about legalizing same-sex marriage from judge Perez Hilton the Internet blogger behind perezhilton.com
137,North Korea "informed IAEA inspectors in the Yongbyon facility that it is immediately ceasing all cooperation with the IAEA" Marc Vidricaire spokesman for the UN nuclear watchdog told reporters.
138,The Pirate Bay is coming to an end with the four defendents saying they're "confident we are going to win". Co-founder Peter Sunde is on trial with three co-defendents charged with "assisting in making available copyright materia
139,Panetta says if more prisoners are taken they will be interrogated by agency employees and handed over quickly to their home country or a country with a legal claim.
140,The brainchild of laid-off computer programmer Nick Goddard the event will take place on Tuesday afternoon and feature unemployed "athletes" participating in events such as the Fax Machine Toss the "You're Fired" race and Pin the Blame on the Bosses.
201,Maurizio Bevilacqua announced he was dropping out of the race in order to back Rae
202,The Social Democrat Alliance is eager to start negotiations with the European Union regarding membership and adoption of the Euro
203,A Boeing 737 with 69 people on board safely made an emergency landing at Vnukovo Airport in Moscow Russia on Saturday after the crew noticed excessive vibrations in the aircraft's left engine shortly upon takeoff.
204,Store owner Juan Pio Paiva 64 received 12 years imprisonment whilst his son Daniel Paiva 40 was given 10 years.
205,The team discovered the planet Gliese 436 b which is roughly the size of Neptune using the Geneva Observatory and it is roughly 33 light-years away from Earth.
206,The most recent case involves a deputy of the political party PTB (who supports the government of the Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva) in a scandal of the services of post office.
207,Located in the Metn range of mountains east of Beirut Broummana is about half-hour's drive from the capital and is popular with tourists particularly those from the Gulf states.
208,Fitzpatrick (42) of Larkfield Close Lucan Co Dublin pleaded guilty to fraud and making a false report to gardai at his store on June 13 2007 at the Dublin Circuit Criminal Court.
209,Brazilian federal police arrested Jesse James Hollywood aged 25 in Saquarema city Rio de Janeiro on March 8. James had been sought by the FBI for more than four years.
210,His most recent Emerald City was released July 24th. Titled after the nickname given to the American-occupied Green Zone in Baghdad it chronicles a world on the verge of imminent collapse under the weight of its own paranoia and loneliness.
211,Bruce Gunn from the Queensland cyclone warning centre says the cyclone will coincide with a high tide.
212,Former city manager of Largo Florida and transsexual Susan Stanton has been hired as the new city manager for Lake Worth.
213,British actor Daniel Craig has been confirmed as the man to follow Pierce Brosnan as the sixth James Bond.
214,NAOSC is an Alberta-based oil company founded in 2001. It manages 1110 square kilometres of oil sands leases located in northern Alberta
215,the Absolute Write web site and the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America who authored the list. Wikinews has learned that Bauer's Wikipedia article was deleted some time during the course of the proceedings along with the edit history of her article and its talk page as a "courtesy
216,It is believed that in two separate incidents optical fibre cables were cut at Gundagai and Narrandera in Southern NSW.
217,The death of Allama Hassan Turabi is likely to raise tensions in Karachi which is often the scene of violence between Shias and Sunnis. Allama Turabi had narrowly escaped an attempt on his life in April 2006 when a bomb was exploded just after his car crossed the area.
218,So far-reaching was YR's appeal that Romanian gymnast Nadia Comaneci chose the serial's theme song as accompanying music to her floor exercises at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
219,PepsiCo has acquired Poland's Star Foods a leading maker of snacks for an undisclosed sum. The deal strengthens its position in Poland in snacks sales such as potato chips. More than half of PepsiCo's total sales is from snacks less than 20% is from soft drinks.
220,Garnett scored 15 points in the fourth quarter with 13 of those points coming in the final 6:20 of the period. "It's just about being a presence" Garnett said. "It's about making them have to deal with me. I will continue to take that approach.
301,graduate George Woltman in 1996 GIMPS has found 12 Mersenne primes or about one per year on average.
302,Barack Obama is due to end his first overseas trip as US President today.
303,The rocket seems to have passed over the Japanese capital of Tokyo and headed over the Pacific Ocean.
304,A third officer Eric Kelly 41 was killed as he arrived to assist the first two officers.
305,Tesla first entered the automobile market in 2006 with a prototype of an electric vehicle designed on the roadster style.
306,Mount Redoubt a volcano in Alaska erupted on Saturday sending out clouds of ash thousands of feet high.
307,During a January interview with New York magazine Mitchell said of the Shakespearean roots in her name " I'm certain it's not random because they're never random.
308,The "House of Sweden" as it will be called will be modelled on the new Swedish embassy in Washington with the same name.
309,Also present at the unprecidented "Silent Walk For Justice" was the family of Jason MacIntyre a champion cyclist killed when Robert McTaggart ran him down in a van in January for which he received a six month driving ban after conviction of careless driving.
310,The Newseum Journalist's Memorial contains the names of 1913 journalists dating back to 1837.
311,Grey's Anatomy star Katherine Heigl and her musician hubby Josh Kelley are adopting a baby from Korea so says the National Enquirer.
312,Guadeloupe is an overseas department of France.
313,The incident took place in the Gulf of Aden off the coast of the African nation of Somalia on November 18.
314,Wikinews contacted Ron Gray to talk about the issues facing Canadians and what they and their party would do to address them.
315,This ward's incumbent is John A. Hutton; also challenging Hutton is Derrick Coke Navdeep Gill Jim Howell Joyce Rodriguez and Doug Whillans
316,Yigal Amir the student who assassinated Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin began a hunger strike on June 28th in protest against "the basic human rights abuse by Israel's prison authorities"
317,CBS the network which airs the serial drama in the United States has announced its cancellation after 72 years.
318,The Egyptian Health Ministry reported on Sunday that a six-year-old Egyptian boy contracted bird flu the sixth such incident in a month.
319,Miriam Stucky' is running for the Green Party of Ontario in the Ontario provincial election in the Peterborough riding.
320,The campaign offices for 2008 United States presidential candidate John McCain in Centennial Colorado and Manchester New Hampshire have been evacuated after receiving letter threats in the U.S. mail.
361,the Cuban government to allow medical students who studied in Cuba to go through a less rigorous examination
362,The ACS developed jointly by four American agencies was installed in March of 2002
363,This is very exciting and important" said Professor Michael Bode from Liverpool
364,Basel in Switzerland
365,Celso Amorim protesting against the change in the entrance examination to IRBr. He said that the minister's decision is nonsense a symbolic protest against the USA.
366,A Casa-212 aircraft owned by the Indonesian air force disappeared while on a flight from the capital Jakarta to Bogor in West Java Friday morning
367,Lhadon Tethong Executive Director of Students for a Free Tibet made a statement after the alleged action
368,Lori Mitchell whose daughter dropped out of high school at 16 to raise a child said there are worse things than being a teenage mother "They could be junkies or prostitutes
369,When Stronach was with the Conservatives she dated fellow MP Peter MacKay.
370,Datuk Seri Abdul Kadir Sheikh Fadzir cancelled official functions.
371,Our focus right now is on supporting the first responders on the ground and their efforts to ensure the health and safety of people in the area" said Chris Lee an Republican politician from Corning New York representing the 26th Congressional District of New York.
372,Mr. Hakeem 58 left the North-West Frontier Province (NWFP) at the age of 25 and became a naturalized citizen of the U.S.
373,the University of Toronto said parents and teachers shouldn't be concerned that this new medium is corrupting young people's grammar
374,Lulu Xingwana said that if no agreement is reached in 6 months the government could expropriate farmlands.
375,A kindergarten teacher in Port St. Lucie Florida United States is being reassigned following an incident last week in which her students voted to remove a possibly autistic child from the classroom
376,Professor Michael Reiss had advocated that creation should be taught in science class he left his post as director of education at the Royal Society the UK's national academy of science.
377,John Barrowman's and Stephen Fry's autobiographies some editions of Lady Chatterley's Lover by D.H. Lawrence and Lesléa Newman's children's book Heather Has Two Mommies as well as works of erotica such as Emmanuelle Arsan's Emmanuelle
378,Track Star Marion Jones winner of 3 gold medals in the 2000 Sydney Olympics has tested positive for the performance enhancing drug EPO
379,Vick's VapoRub and wear masks. They could only go in for five minutes at a time and had to come out to get fresh air again.
380,acobson came to WMAQ-TV in 1996 from Fox affiliate WJBK located in Detroit. Jacobson is a native of Mount Prospect.She and her husband have two children and live on the north side of Chicago.
381,Sydney Opera House was created by Utzon in 1957. Mr Utzon left Australia and returned to Denmark in 1966 due to disputes with the NSW government over cost blowouts and design differences
382,In his weekly open-air version of the popular Thailand Weekly show outspoken Government critic and founder of Manager Media Sondhi Limthongkul launched another series of stinging attacks against the country's Prime Minister. Thai PM Thaksin Shinawatra was accused of planning a cabinet reshuffle in an effort to deflect public attention away from allegations of wrongdoing and corruption. Sondhi alleged that politicians with poor public images would be recruited into the cabinet and that such was a scheme to overshadow accusations of corruption that have been levelled at the Prime Minister mainly by Sondhi himself.
383,Reports say that 4 people including a paramedic and a retired firefighter have been killed after a gas station near Ghent West Virginia in Raleigh County blew up. At least 9 others have been critically injured. The explosion occurred at 10:50 a.m. [EST] at the Flat Top Little General Store and fire officials say that the cause may have been from a nearby propane tank that was leaking.
384,"We know she was on that plane and now she's with him." Chris Kausner has said his sister Elise age 24 a law student was on board the plane.
385,Pope Benedict XVI's opposition to condoms a police source in Paris France said. A group of about 30 activists threw condoms on the ground outside Notre-Dame cathedral when attendants of the Sunday mass left the cathedral.
386,Will the flood of celebs wanting second-hand babies never end? Yesterday it was Posh and today it's another talentless chick with absurd-looking boobs and no fashion sense Jessica Simpson. Yeah she wants to adopt too. And guess why? Because her dogs make her feel maternal. That's what she said. That taking care of her dogs has put her in the mood to have a baby. But says Jessica she's going to adopt before trying it the old-fashioned way.
387,Megrahi's wife Aisha and their four sons Khalid Mohamed Ali and Moutasim to support them holding posters with Megrahi on them
388,The Saturday argument between Margaret and Richard Poplawski escalated to the point that she threatened to kick him out and she called police to do it according to a 12-page criminal complaint and affidavit filed late Saturday. When officers Paul Sciullo and Stephen Mayhle arrived Margaret Poplawski opened the door and told them to come in and take her 23-year-old son.
389,This year National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) will beam high-definition images to the NASA website and television. By doing so NASA hopes to increase appreciation of global climate issues. There will also be a Washington exhibit relating to environmental issues viewed from space as well.
390,New York City's Times Square police in Washington D.C.
391,Human rights group Karapatan recorded more than 700 leftist activists farmers community organizers and journalists killed since Mrs. Arroyo came to power in 2001. The latest victim Dominador L. De Luna 51 an employee of the National Food Authority (NFA) in Samar was gunned down just when the necrological mass for Jose Maria Cui a professor at University of Eastern Philippines who was shot in front of his students was being held last January 29.
392,For a second time this week the southeastern Iranian city of Zahedan was rocked by a bombing. Like the previous bomb blast reported Tuesday it was relatively small and produced only three injuries and no fatalities. This is in stark contrast to bombs detonated over the weekend in Ahwaz and Tehran which produced a dozen fatalities and scores of injuries. The Ahwaz bomb went off in a fast-food restaurant at 7:50 PM local time.
393,Virginia Department of Game and Inland Fisheries (VDGIF) announced on Monday that a private pond in Prince William County Virginia is undergoing water treatment.
394,Declan Ganley was the most successful Irish politician of 2008. He won the Lisbon Treaty referendum throwing the Government and opposition into chaotic confusion.
395,The Empire State Building Las Vegas Strip the Eiffel Tower Petronas Twin Towers the Peace Tower the Parliament Buildings the Christ the Redeemer statue Acropolis of Athens the Egyptian pyramids and the Colosseum are some notable landmarks which will honour Earth Hour Saturday evening.
396,On September 6 soccer giants Thailand and Iran defeated Malaysia and Uzbekistan in shutouts of 11-0 and 9-0 respectively.
397,Christie Brinkley has divorced architect husband Peter Cook
398,North Queensland Fury announced the signing of former Liverpool FC striker Robbie Fowler for their debut season.
399,Over fifty firefighters are damping down after a tanker exploded at an industrial unit in Salford in Greater Manchester. At one point thick smoke could be seen drifting across Manchester city centre. According to Greater Manchester Ambulance Service no one has been hurt as a result of the explosion.
400,Rico Daniels lives in France.
421,Robert Murray Hill was elected to the Senate for South Australia in 1980. Having spent 13 years in Opposition he was appointed Environment Minister when the Howard Government was elected in 1996.
422,FIFA has begun disciplinary proceedings against Marco Materazzi after Zinedine Zidane was sent off for headbutting Materazzi in the chest.
423,According to Philippine Department of Health (DOH) Secretary Francisco Duque the quarantine of the hog farm in Palauig Manaoag Pangasinan has been lifted after finding no traces of viral transmission.
424,Former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney testified Thursday before an ethics committee in the Canadian House of Commons about the Airbus affair a case involving alleged bribery at the highest levels of government to secure Airbus sales of aircraft to Air Canada.
425,British writer Edward Upward has died at the age of 105.
426,Gonçalves died of pneumonia on Saturday in Rio de Janeiro Brazil
427,Ike Turner was perhaps best known as one half of the Ike Turner duo with his former wife Tina Turner whom he married in Mexico in 1962. During a career that lasted half a century Ike's repertoire included blues soul rock and funk.
428,The leader of Liverpool City Council Warren Bradley has today taken a dossier to the Chief Constable of Merseyside Police detailing some of the allegations contained on the Liverpool Evil Cabal web site
429,The bill on voluntary student unionism as proposed earlier by the Federal Government education minister Brendan Nelson passed the House of Representatives on December 7 and is now to be debated in the Senate. The Higher Education Support Amendment (Abolition of Compulsory Up-Front Student Union Fees) Bill 2005 commonly known as "voluntary student unionism" or VSU will have the effect of removing the automatic joining of university students into their respective unions and the consequent abolition of the payment of union fees.
430,hurch of Scientology's website is being attacked by hackers causing the site to shut down. The attack was launched on Wednesday by a user labelled "Anonymous" on the website "Insurgency Wiki" a spinoff of 4chan.
431,Salil Ankola who was one of the celebrities participating in the reality TV-show Bigg Boss which is said to be an adopted version of the Big Brother series from the UK; had to leave the house of Bigg Boss following a ruling from the High Court of Maharashtra.
432,he warrant was issued by the ICC for seven charges of crimes against humanity and war crimes in the Darfur region of the country.
433,Cathal's prosperity had often helped Ryanir through financial problems in it's early stages. Several colleagues recalled one famous incident where airport authorities had refused to allow an aircraft he was piloting to be refueled unless it was paid for up front due to an unpaid bill. When Cathal was informed of the issue he produced his gold credit card to pay for the fuel.
434,Toyota NYSE: TM reported a 32% drop in US sales from a year earlier Nissan MotorsNASDAQ: NSANY dropped 30% and Honda NYSE: HMC sales dropped 28%. Subaru and South Korean Hyundai Motor Company LSE: HYUD were two of the few auto firms that reported an increase in sales. They posted gains of
435,Barack Obama Hilary Clinton and John Edwards took part in a rally to commemorate Martin Luther King day. In the event Hilary Clinton asked the crowd to "Let us just take a moment to marvel at the progress we have made together." After saying that she added "But the work is far from finished the dream is not fulfilled." The use of the word dream was widely interpreted as reference to Martin Luther King.
436,Lycos Europe has launched a program to increase spammers' bills by having thousands of voluntary users' computers repeatedly query websites from which spam originates. Such a tactic would increase the bandwidth costs for these websites.
437,The Japanese Nikkei 225 has recorded it's third biggest drop in history with a massive sell-off in the exchange that has resulted in USD 250 billion being knocked of the index's value
438,SANTOSBrazil Miss Marina Souza aged 43 mother of Robson de Souza-known as Robinho (Little Robin)- a Brazilian soccer player for the Santos Football Club has been released Friday December 17 by her kidnappers at Santa Cruz Street in Perus a district of São Paulo city after 40 days been captive. S
439,orneo and the Maluku Islands. Majene is a town in West Sulawesi and it is the seat (capital) of Majene Regency.
440,The proceeds from the concert will go to Mandela's 46664 Foundation that looks after people suffering from HIV in his beloved South Africa.
161,It also represents only a slight decrease since the last National Family Health Survey in India seven years ago showed that 47 percent of its children were mal-nourished.
162,Sean Hodgson 57 was found guilty in 1982 of killing Teresa de Simone 22 who was found strangled in her Ford Escort three years earlier in a car park below the pub where she worked part-time.
163,In 2007 the 550-seat double-decker A380 Airbus overtook the 747 as the largest passenger airliner in service a development that some aviation experts saw as signalling the end of the 747.
164,Sean Hodgson a frail 57-year-old celebrated his freedom on the steps of the Royal Courts of Justice it emerged that the DNA tests which freed him should have been carried out 11 years ago
165,The lawmakers came to talk about improving U.S.-Cuba relations amid speculation that Washington is ready to loosen some facets of its 47-year-old trade embargo against the island.
166,he brief maintains the US government's ability to hold terrorist suspects without charge said Tom Malinowski Washington director of Human Rights Watch and applies international laws of war to suspects captured far from the battlefields of Afghanistan and Iraq.
167,. Chief Executive Steve Jobs remains closely involved in key aspects of running the company say people familiar with the matter
168,As he campaigns for a third term Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg is counting on his reputation as a top-notch manager who tamed a once-unruly metropolis.
169,Studies show the oceans are becoming increasingly acidic as they soak up manmade emissions of carbon dioxide.
170,It is also worth considering the impact of global warming on human health as well. With increasing surface temperature heat waves are expected to occur more frequently possibly endangering children and the elderly.
171,On April 14 1912 the cruise liner headed from England to New York struck the iceberg. It took only 2 hours 40 minutes for the 882-foot ship to be totally engulfed by the icy waters off the coast of Halifax.
172,Arnold Schwarzenegger signed legislation Friday that will assist about 469000 longtime jobless Californians by year's end
173,Hong Kong assigned a team of scientists to find a quick test for the latest virus to raise fears of a pandemic following confirmed human cases of the disease in Mexico United States and Canada.
174,Russell Dunham who as an Army sergeant in World War II received the Medal of Honor for charging up a snowy hill in the Alsace region of France and single-handedly killing wounding or capturing 18 German soldiers died Monday in Godfrey Ill. He was 89.
175,Page told The Associated Press her husband "is in a better place now." The March 9 2001 fight left Page in a coma for nearly a week. He then had a stroke during post-fight surgery.
176,As Mel Gibson walked hand in hand with his new Russian girlfriend on the red carpet last night a few new grey hairs were the only sign that he is a man about to lose $US500 million
177,The 23-year-old Australian finished ahead of defending world champion Valentino Rossi of Italy and Jorge Lorenzo of Spain. Yamaha rider Rossi crossed the finish line 7.771 seconds behind Stoner.
178,Armstrong churned through the Midwest pressure cooker first delivering the ball to Michael Jordan during a period when they won three N.B.A. titles together.
179,e. Last month Giampaolo Giuliani a technician who works on a neutrino experiment at the Gran Sasso National Laboratory in Italy issued an urgent warning that a large earthquake was about to strike the Abruzzo region.
180,Afrol News 24 March The Swiss Foreign Minister Micheline Calmy-Rey has said the country's authorities will not apologise or compensate to the Libyan government over the arrest of the son of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi saying that police were not at fault when Hannibal Gaddafi and his wife were arrested.
341,Over 1600 volunteers registered to help build approximately 65000 of the 500000 sandbags to create dikes 20.5 feet (6.2 meters) high to protect the City of Winnipeg Manitoba in the war against the Red River of the North flood.
342,The National Basketball Association (NBA) has released the rosters for the 2007 NBA All-Star Game.
343,USC Trojans running back Reggie Bush has decided to enter the NFL draft and forfeit his final year of college football eligibility. The Heisman Trophy winner is the favorite to be the top pick in the draft
344,Emma McAleese the eldest child of Mary McAleese and her husband Martin has become engaged to her boyfriend of five years Michael O'Connell.
345,In Los Angeles California singer and actress Britney Spears 24 has filled papers in Los Angeles County Superior Court to divorce her husband Kevin Federline 28.
346,Juan Carlos Concero aged 34 a Spanish tourist was shot in the head during an assault in Rio de Janeiro today. He was carried to Souza Aguiar Hospital
347,34 year-old market stall trader Alix McAlister who witnessed the objects said that "I just picked up my son from nursery in Bredgar Road.
348,The alleged mastermind behind the London bombings was reported captured in Cairo Egypt last week.
349,Quiznos published a press release on March 24 announcing the new line of sandwiches. They stated that their price of US$4 helps to ease the economic pinch.
350,President George W. Bush speaking at a press conference alongside Paulson said "this is a pivotal moment for America's economy." The government plan is permitted under the Gold Reserve Act of 1934 which gives the Treasury the permission "to deal in gold foreign exchange and other instruments of credit and securities."
351,Melinda Duckett the mother of an infant son Trenton Duckett reported him missing on August 27 and fatally shot herself in her grandparents' retirement home on September 8.
352,On Monday a FedEx McDonnell Douglas MD-11 cargo jet flying from Guangzhou China to Tokyo Japan crash-landed at Tokyo's Narita International Airport at around 7 a.m. local time.
353,The government of Peru declared a state of emergency in the vicinity of the Ubinas volcano on Saturday as it began to spew out ash and smoke over a 6km area
354,Actor Bob Denver best known for his roles as "Gilligan" on Gilligan's Island (1964-1967) and "Maynard G. Krebs" on The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (1959-1963) died Friday at the age of 70.
355,Brandy in a Land Rover SUV on December 30 2006 bumped into the Toyota which had Awatef Aboudihaj in it. The Toyota slammed into another vehicle and slid on the freeway's center divider. Aboudihaj was sent to Providence Holy Cross Medical Centre but died the next evening
356,The Wiz is not really running for President. But he is one of the top-rated Presidential candidates on U4Prez.com
357,I spoke with the person Bowery Poetry Club founder Bob Holman called the "Rock n' Roll Poet Laureate" recently in Washington Square Park.
358,Australian treasurer Peter Costello (Higgins Liberal) told parliament on Tuesday that the greatest threat to Australia's economy would be for opposition leader Kim Beazley (Brand Labor) to gain office.
359,The other man involved in the kidnap of Kanako was Choi Gi Ho 54 from South Korea. Kanato was freed unharmed. The Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department arrested three men on suspicion of conspiring to kidnap a woman and hold her to a reported 300 million yen ransom.
360,Kramer a Catholic Republican Judge appointed by Pete Wilson California's previous conservative governor issued a "stay" on his order making it a tentative decision by delaying its implementation for 60 days to allow the same-sex marriage opponents time to file an appeal to his ruling.
461,organizer invited Jack Ma founder of Alibaba Group to give the main address on the subject of "Cross-Strait e-Commerce Development.
462,Galvarino Apablaza has been arrested in November 29 in Argentina. Chilean authorities request now the expulsion of Apablaza so he can be tried in Chile
463,largest fossilized forest ever to be found. It is about the size of San Francisco California or 10000
464,Majel's husband Gene died in 1991 of heart failure.
465,Copyright is an incredibly sensible piece of law and in fact serves to benefit a lot of what goes on online in the way that it's been used in things like free
466,an unstimulating low-paid job with few prospects.
467,Katrina then passed over Florida and headed into the Gulf of Mexico where it strengthened
468,The New England Patriots won their divisional playoff match against Jacksonville Jaguars 31-20 in Foxborough Massachusetts
469,Our heartfelt grief goes out to the families and loved
470,Paula Radcliffe from the United Kingdom has won the New York City marathon today.
471,Greenpeace activist Adele blogged the news from their Stockholm office expressing reservations over the legitimacy of the vote saying it would"change little or nothing" as previous votes had already been passed in favour of the anti-whaling group of countries.
472,According to the zoo an orangutan normally only lives about 40-50 years. Orangutans are part of an endangered species and in 2003 only about 7300 were believed to be left living in the wild.
473,The 4th National Museum of Japan opened on Saturday in Dazaifu Fukuoka Prefecture the northern part of Kyushu island
474,Program coordinators estimate that tutors volunteered some 5000 hours last year. City Manager Jennifer Sparacino estimate
475,The 20th Olympic Winter Games are set to start today in Turin
476,China did not react favorably to Japan's intention
477,Scottish football player Phil O'Donnell has died today after collapsing during a game in which his team Motherwell F.C.
478,National Church of Scientology of Spain
479,We are experiencing moments of a great social revolution
480,Kiril Georgiev a Bulgarian chess grandmaster began playing 360 simultaneous games of chess on Saturday
321,Steven Spielberg withdrew his position as artistic adviser to the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing China.
322,The latest victim Dominador L. De Luna 51 an employee of the National Food Authority (NFA) in Samar was gunned down
323,Hunter Thompson the author of "Hey Rube: Blood Sport the Bush Doctrine and the Downward Spiral of Dumbness"
324,Researchers from the University of Sydney University of Oxford and University of Cambridge have pinpointed a single neurochemical serotonin
325,Ramos Horta explained that the Australian soldiers that are in Maubisse
326,A supposed "pregnancy pact" at Gloucester High School in Gloucester Massachusetts.... The story which was broken by TIME magazine and the Boston Globe
327,The President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono
328,Angelina Jolie's mother who died in 2007. Now after more then 2 years the state of California still fills a claim against Marcheline Bertrand and asks for $60000 in back taxes.
329,Adam Dylan Leon a 31-year-old Canadian citizen stole a Cessna 172 Skyhawk light aircraft
330,Red Bull Sports Drink billionaire owner Dietrich Mateschitz'
331,The aircraft later crossed the border out of Wisconsin and passed over Illinois north of the city of St. Louis Missouri.
332,Gillette known for brands such as Gillette razors, Oral B dental care
333,attempted hijacking of a Norwegian tanker in the Gulf of Aden by Somali pirates
334,The NASDAQ index has risen by 2.53% to 2248.63
335,Greenpeace activists scattered schools of menhaden bait fish in the Chesapeake Bay on Tuesday...Greenpeace arrived with four fast moving out-board motor boats manned by thirteen activists
336,Toronto Mayor David Miller
337,Swede Annie Börjesson's mother and her best friend Maria Jansson
338,Kadhem Al-Rawi a doctor in Islamic Principles at the European Institute of Human Sciences in Wales
339,Floods during the month of January have devastated Singapore. The MacRitchie Reservoir station recorded 216.7 millimeters of rainfall during the 24 hour period
340,President Thabo Mbeki's government has set a target of transferring 30% of land...The National Land Claims Commission is entrusted with carrying out the transfers.
441,The park located in Penny's Bay Lantau Island is the major attraction at the Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
442,Three inmates hung themselves with nooses made from their bedsheets at the U.S. base in Guantanamo Bay Cuba.
443,Portuguese Maria de Jesus died Tuesday at 115 years and 114 days old.
444,this meant that Prince Harry was ordered to return home due to fears for his and the others in his unit's safety. Prince Harry will be flown home "immediately"
445,Both men had been shot once through the head according to Charles Zewe a spokesperson for the EWU system.
446,Pupils who are given detention at a Christchurch New Zealand high school are being forced to wear orange overalls with the words 'Work Crew' on the back.
447,Lucky Dube was one of the most prominent reggae artists of all times
448,French President Jacques Chirac continued his hospital stay Tuesday in what a government spokesperson describes as favorable conditions
449,Once the group even performed for United States President Bush at the White House.
450,A Vatican City official has referred to abortion and euthanasia as "terrorism with a human face."
451,It is not yet known which of the two Siberian tigers was involved in the attacks.
452,"The only possible and reasonable way out of this situation is the withdrawal of Georgian troops to their initial positions and the immediate signing of a legally binding agreement on the non-use of force."
453,defendant Deanna Large plead not guilty Wednesday to charges of involuntary manslaughter
454,On January 11 2009 an 18-year-old teenager was arrested for writing her nickname "2shie" on a wall in a café near Hyde Park Sydney Australia.
455,on Wednesday Al-Bashir spoke calling the charges worthless and told the ICC to "eat" the warrant. "[It is] not worth the ink it is written on.
456,Ernesto now a tropical storm made landfall along the coastline of the state of North Carolina near Long Beach in Brunswick County
457,Sunshine Coast Regional Council has received legal advice that it could not challenge the appeals proccess of McDonald's Australia. Council rejected development plans for a 24 hour store at Minyama in December.
458,Helen Clark the Prime Minister of New Zealand stated that she personally did not support a change to the start of daylight saving in March. However the main reason that the start was altered was to avoid clashes with the fourth school term.
459,This is not the first time a country has moved to block YouTube. Turkey and Thailand both chose to temporarily ban the sites as did Morocco which blocked the site after a video criticising the country's treatment of Western Saharans was uploaded.
460,Nepalese authorities have added their own charges of illegal organ transplants in on top of the foreign currency possession charges could delay proceedings.241,the Christian Heritage Party since 1995. He first ran for office in 1988.
242,The Brian Mulroney Story on Sunday CTV says the 90-minute special will be the most complete
243,Shandong has reported five children dead from HFMD and 3280 cases to deal
244,Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala and Prachanda leader of the Maoist rebel faction
245,The paintings were Pablo Picasso's "The Painter and the Model" and "Minotaur Drinker and Women" both insured at $4200 and two paintings by Emiliano Di Cavalcanti
246,Jaslene Gonzalez is not your typical model. She rose to fame after winning
247,Reporters Sans Frontières) a Paris-based international non-governmental organization
248,Clarence Ray Allen convicted of ordering a hit in 1980 that resulted in the deaths of the target and two bystanders
249,Steven Harper's plan to put Canada's newly created Civil Marriage Bill back on the floor of the House of Commons for a free vote The Bloc Quebecois plans to oppose any attempts by the Conservatives
250,Hi I'm Trisha Posner. I'm a journalist and columnist for Ocean Drive magazine
251,Wolfson was lead counsel before the Supreme Court in Boy Scouts of America
252,Singapore Airlines and China Eastern started negotiations about a possible deal.
253,Cyril Ferez while he was lying on the ground. A report of a CRS-officer draws a different picture of the incident
254,Robin Williams recently suffered a heart surgery that fortunately for the wonderful actor was a success
255,Wikipedia to give the Chinese point of view for the entire world to see.
256,Alexei Krasnov the chief of manned space programs for the Russian space agency said last week
257,Scott David Dover 45 a father of two young boys in Cedar City Utah was arrested on Thursday
258,The Chesapeake Bay Foundation a not-for-profit organization had praise for Maryland Governor Robert Ehrlich and the state's Department o
259,A magnitude 8.1 undersea earthquake triggered a tsunami that has killed at least fifteen people including six children in the Solomon Islands
260,Climb Up the 50." Funding from this synchronized climb-a-thon will pay for the uphill battle to support children with AIDS
