21,Harry Houdini performed at the Hippodrome at 1120 Avenue of the Americas near 44th Street. Many of the best and most famous performers of the time appeared there. It was one of the biggest and most successful theaters of its time capable of accommodating 5200 people.
22,The Grapes of Wrath published exactly 70 years ago can be seen as a prophetic novel rooted in the tragedies of the Great Depression but speaking directly to the harsh realities of 2009 writes Steinbeck scholar Robert DeMott.
23,In general the malaria parasite does better at warmer temperatures which is why the disease occurs most often in tropical environments. But with mathematical models
24,Episcopal diocese of 16000 he spends his days counseling priests and their families visiting parishes performing baptisms attending confirmations
25,At least 14 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in southern Sri Lanka police say. The telecoms minister was among about 35 people injured in the blast at the town of Akuressa 160km (100 miles) south of the capital Colombo
26,The U.S. holds about 240 men at the U.S. base in Cuba most on suspicion of terrorism or links to al-Qaida and the Taliban.
27,Papua became part of Indonesia in 1969 after a controversial and very limited vote
28,The documents appear to prove that Gen Bosco Ntaganda is taking an active part in the mission's chain of command a BBC correspondent in the country says
29,. He has long been linked to some of the world's most notorious conflicts allegedly supplying arms to former Liberian dictator Charles Taylor and Libyan leader Colonel Gaddafi.
30,A man has hijacked a passenger plane in the Jamaican resort of Montego Bay and is still holding five crew members hostage reports say.
31,New Yorkers may refrain from complaining too loudly about their misfortunes knowing that the chances are there is someone else out there who has it worse.
32,sexual urges in dangerous predators suffering from extreme sexual disorders. Surgical castration has been a means of social control for centuries. In ancient China eunuchs were trusted to serve the imperial family inside the palace grounds
33,Pablo Neruda a Chilean poet and it was a tribute to his work. I wasn't sure anyone else would like it. My concern was that it would only appeal to literary people and people who were fans of the poetry but I'm happy that it apparently appeals to a broader audience as well."
34,Mr Green disclosed that the officers who arrested him last November warned him that he could be given the longest possible sentence
35,Eta killing he said of the victims: "Their tears are our smiles and in the end we will roar with laughter." He now faces a bill for €8m in compensation for his victims and an investigation into his assets. The release came 40 years to the day after Eta carried out its first deadly attack killing a civil guard officer
36,The U.S. State Department said Thursday that the United States is working to dissuade North Korea from going ahead with its plan to launch a satellite next month. U.S. officials say the launch is a disguised long-range missile test and would be destabilizing
37,At least 100 people are now suspected to have died of the disease in Mexico
38,The hurricane caused severe destruction across the entire Mississippi coast and into Alabama as far as 100 miles (160 km) from the storm's center. Katrina was the eleventh tropical storm fifth hurricane third major hurricane and second Category 5 hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic season.
39,Madonna is able to navigate Malawi's 18-to-24 month vetting period in just a matter of days or weeks. But the larger issue child-rights advocates say is whether international adoptions are in the best interests of the child.
40,Mr Kim's re-election comes days after a rocket launch that was lauded at home but criticised at the UN
41,Indira Gandhi the former prime minister who was assassinated in 1984
42,the Salon Carré between Correggio's Mystical Marriage and Titian's Allegory of Alfonso d'Avalos
43,M. Dolan a defender of Roman Catholic orthodoxy who led the elite seminary for U.S.
44,Kim Jong Il to a third term Thursday as leader of one of the world's most reclusive nations buoyed by a rocket launch heralded in state
45,Cameroon that Aids "is a tragedy that cannot be overcome by money alone and that cannot be overcome through the distribution of condoms which even aggravates the problems"
46,Ki-moon's special representative for Nepal Ian Martin completed his tenure in Nepal it was at the Reporters' Club that he held his last press conference
47,the world's main reserve currency with a new global system under the control of the International Monetary Fund.
48,Tarek Hussein Farid maintained the discipline to walk some 15 miles each day through the busy streets of Egypt's capital
49,Thousands of the city's 70000 residents ran into the streets in panic during the 30 second tremor
50,Lake Kivu possesses a unique source of energy methane gas held in solution deep within the lake water
51,Several hundred anti-war demonstrators are marching to a rally in Trafalgar Square from the US Embassy in central London
52,Kirby's passenger Lynn Marie Nabozny 32 of Newport Beach was arrested for public intoxication and later released
53,Andry Rajoelina as the new president of the vast Indian Ocean island today a day after his arch rival was swept from office by the army
54,the new web series Rockville CA will address NAB Show attendees during a Super Session titled "Josh Schwartz: Creating in the New Media Landscape"
55,the protesters seemed to be reacting to a tragedy that had left at least 164 people dead and 308 injured they were really venting the frustrations of having to cope with life in a city with an infrastructure so stretched that simply getting to work and back is an ordea
56,Nadya Suleman the Southern California woman who gave birth to octuplets in January has fired a nonprofit group of nurses charged with helping care for her children CNN affiliate KTLA has reported
57,Twenty miles west of the capital Yerevan Armenia's Metsamor Nuclear Power Plant was built in 1970s and houses two VVER-440 Model V230 nuclear reactors
58,Ernest Manirumva who suffered stab wounds to the head was the deputy chairman of a Burundi corruption watchdog known as OLUCOME
59,Oklahoma and Texas engulfing one entire town and searing neighborhoods including one in Oklahoma City
60,Sales of its iPhone more than doubled from the same quarter one year ago while iPod sales also grew
61,Children were among the victims of a plane crash
62,Stanford Investment Bank at the heart of the SEC fraud charges followed the lead of his Memphis-based chief financial officer James Davis
63,Ducati was confidently eyeing a third successive Qatar MotoGP victory after taking pole position in a dominant qualifying performance under the Losail desert floodlights.
64,Umbria are being tried for the slaying of Knox's roommate Meredith Kercher. Both have denied all wrongdoing
65,He had pleaded not guilty to the second degree murder of 40-year-old Ms Clarkson who was shot in the mouth at Spector's home in Los Angeles
66,They were jailed for 30 years each for complicity in the deaths of pro-government demonstrators a lawyer for the victims said.
67,The Amityville Horror: A True Story" written by Jay Anson.
68,religious experience I had following others like Hinduism Christianity Islam and Judaism. "I am son of India" the Dalai Lama told reporters in Delhi in conjunction with his 50th anniversary in exile in India
69,It removes the distance. This didn't happen a thousand miles away. It's about right here and that's very clear."
70,Richardson who is married to Irish actor Liam Neeson is under constant supervision from medics after suffering a "traumatic brain injury" a hospital source tells IrishCentral.com.
71,current planning assumptions including the target for its overall and North American automotive pre-tax results to be breakeven or better in 2011 excluding special items."
72,National Center for Health Statistics which compiled the data from provisional birth certificate registrations at state health departments. "According to our provisional data we had the highest number of births ever reported in 2007" she said.
73,Branded by his opponents as a puppet of Venezuala's President Hugo Chavez Mr Funes vowed to respect all Salvadorian democratic institutions.
74,Despite her age Dr Levi-Montalcini a neurologist and development biologist still works every day at the European Brain Research Institute which she founded in Rome.
75,Rihanna's hell ride through Hollywood began when she intercepted a booty call to her boyfriend from a rival. "A three page text message" from a woman Chris
76,Such a tax the article said could be the biggest boon to public health since tobacco taxes.
77,ATT said revenue was $30.6 billion slightly down from $30.7 billion in the quarter a year ago. Analysts had expected revenue of $31.1 billion.
78,Family members had often warned Crippa against indulging in his passion for hunting wild mushrooms an activity he learned from his Italian immigrant parents his wife said.
79,Goddard who is from Rochester Hills Mich. and lives in the East Village. "There is no stigma associated with it now."
80,There was a big fight I heard it was some sort of retaliation after something else that happened earlier on." Most of Larkhall Park has been sealed off following the incident
1,Monsoon-like conditions accompanied by swirling winds arrived just moments before Australia's Casey Stoner on pole position was due to lead defending world champion Valentino Rossi and the other riders away on the warm-up lap.
2,The cap for a "roaming" text will fall to 11 euro cents (10p; 14 US cents) from about 29 cents on average today.
3,The advice was followed by news that the number of confirmed cases of swine flu in the UK has risen to 18.
4,Brian and Tina Johnson were bludgeoned to death with a hammer on Fuerteventura in the Canary Islands in July 2006.
5,The lawsuit says the truckers' Fifth and Fourteenth amendment rights are being violated because there is no way for them to apply for an occupational license.
6,Her patient today is a teenage girl asleep on a piece of cardboard serving as a mattress on the dirt floor.
7,IBM may pay as much as US$6.5 billion in cash for Sun the newspaper reported on its Web site without naming its sources.
8,"To go down a goal lose a man and then be able to draw satisfies me" Juventus coach Claudio Ranieri said.
9,he country now has the sort of budget foreign exchange reserves transport infrastructure human resources and stable political environment that are the envy of most sub-Saharan countries.
10,Jahche Broughton who was just 14 when he murdered Karen Aim in Taupo will spend a minimum non-parole period of 12 and a half years in prison.
11,billionaire tourist Charles Simonyi has docked at the international space station. Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka manually guided the capsule to a stop ahead of schedule Saturday two days after blasting off from the Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan.
12,On Jan. 8 1945 Technical Sergeant Dunham's company part of the Third Infantry Division was facing a formidable German force at the small town of Kayserberg France near the German border.
13,The National Football League's Pro Bowl Game will return to Honolulu in 2011 — an event that is expected to bring millions of dollars in revenue.
14,Last Thursday 10 people were killed by a car bomb at a crowded cattle market in Babel province south of Baghdad.
15,But Groening has come out in defense of the plot saying "Cartoons deal in stereotypes. We try to be sensitive.
16,A little more than a week before his retirement Cardinal Egan 77 was stricken with severe stomach pains on Saturday night and driven to St.
17,YouTube has been blocked at least twice in the last month according to Herdict Web a censorship tracking system run by Harvard University's Berkman Center for Internet and Society
18,Lewis was celebrated for his vision. His daring takeover of Merrill Lynch was the latest in a series of high-profile acquisitions that helped transform Bank of America into a national powerhouse.
19,But the commission which will have only four months to produce an interim report has already come under criticism for refusing permission for scores of survivors and the families of victims to appear before it.
20,The footage released yesterday by The Guardian reveals a docile-looking Mr Tomlinson walking with his back to police officers at about 7.20pm.
81,The pope flew by helicopter from Vatican City to a tent camp near the village of Onna where he led a prayer in the cold and rainy weather for the hundreds killed in the April 6 quake. The camp houses hundreds of families left homeless when the magnitude-6.3 quake destroyed their homes. Residents there welcomed the pope who kissed and hugged some of the children.
82,Currently there is no specific treatment available against dengue fever which is the most widespread tropical disease after malaria.
83,A Ugandan spy who set up a bogus charity and embezzled thousands of dollars of funding meant for Aids patients has been jailed for 10 years. Teddy Sseezi Cheeye 51 took $56000 (£38000) from the Global Fund charity which aims to prevent HIV tuberculosis and malaria.
84,TWO years ago Sheik Adil Kalbani dreamed that he had become an imam at the Grand Mosque in Mecca Islam's holiest city. Waking up he dismissed the dream as a temptation to vanity. Although he is known for his fine voice Sheik Adil is black and the son of a poor immigrant from the Persian Gulf.
85,The world knows Philip Markoff only by his headline nickname the "Craigslist killer" but to Morgan Houston he is more than a suspect or a defendant. To her Markoff was a classmate and a friend someone she thought she knew.
86,Washington Kirk Kerkorian the billionaire mogul and major shareholder in General Motors Corp.
87,A federal judge upheld the right of a Pulitzer Prize-winning newspaper reporter to invoke the Fifth Amendment when he refused in court Tuesday to reveal his sources in a 2004 story about a terrorism prosecutor.
88,The regime clearly does not want Falun Gong to be another potential point of conflict in the already tangled bilateral relationship with China. But organising meetings is becoming easier and group meditation can now be seen in public locations
89,the 26-year-old royal who is second in line to the throne unwittingly spoke to their reporter in a nightclub. The prince gives away little when speaking publicly. William also said his brother Prince Harry was missing his ex-lover Chelsy Davy while giving away no clues about whether he might marry his own girlfriend Kate Middleton.
90,This seaside city is known as a rich stockpile of art deco architecture the hub of Morocco's economic growth and the setting of an all-time classic movie starring Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman.
91,While Charlotte Brontë wrote "Jane Eyre" Emily wrote "Wuthering Heights" and Anne wrote "Agnes Grey."
92,China has rejected Coca-Cola Co.'s $2.3 billion bid to buy a major Chinese juice producer
93,A SCUBA diver has died during a visit to a historic ship sunk off the Port Phillip Bay heads. The Geelong man 49 was with a group of six on a diving expedition to explore the SS Coogee shipwreck when he collapsed.
94,A Japanese pop singer who was arrested for public indecency after being found drunk and naked in a Tokyo park has apologised for his "shameful" conduct. "I drank a lot and did not know what I was doing" Tsuyoshi Kusanagi said on Friday after being released by police.
95,Dramatic footage obtained by the Guardian shows that the man who died at last week's G20 protests in London was attacked from behind and thrown to the ground by a baton-wielding police officer in riot gear. Moments after the assault on Ian Tomlinson was captured on video he suffered a heart attack and died.
96,Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said he alone rules Russia and not former President Vladimir Putin
97,Last month SocGen bosses gave up their annual bonuses following public anger. Mr Bouton who admitted that "like any manager I have certainly made mistakes" will now stand down on 6 May.
98,Virtual world Second Life created by Linden Lab hosts 1 million users a month up from 544313 a year ago.
99,The Pritzker jury praised Mr. Zumthor's use of materials.
100,widespread mistrust of Japan by Chinese although the Chinese government has not commented directly against Japan.
201,Former Ontario premier Bob Rae received a boost today in his bid to win the leadership of the federal Liberal Party of Canada when rival candidate Maurizio Bevilacqua announced he was dropping out of the race in order to back Rae.
202,The Social Democrat Alliance and Left-Green Movement formed an interim government under Johanna Sigurdardottir. The Social Democrat Alliance is eager to start negotiations with the European Union regarding membership and adoption of the Euro.
203,A Boeing 737 with 69 people on board safely made an emergency landing at Vnukovo Airport in Moscow Russia on Saturday after the crew noticed excessive vibrations in the aircraft's left engine shortly upon takeoff.
204,Store owner Juan Pio Paiva 64 received 12 years imprisonment whilst his son Daniel Paiva 40 was given 10 years.
205,The team discovered the planet Gliese 436 b which is roughly the size of Neptune using the Geneva Observatory and it is roughly 33 light-years away from Earth.
206,The most recent case involves a deputy of the political party PTB (who supports the government of the Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva) in a scandal of the services of post office.
207,Located in the Metn range of mountains east of Beirut Broummana is about half-hour's drive from the capital and is popular with tourists particularly those from the Gulf states.
208,Fitzpatrick (42) of Larkfield Close Lucan Co Dublin pleaded guilty to fraud and making a false report to gardai at his store on June 13 2007 at the Dublin Circuit Criminal Court.
209,Brazilian federal police arrested Jesse James Hollywood aged 25 in Saquarema city Rio de Janeiro on March 8. James had been sought by the FBI for more than four years
210,itled after the nickname given to the American-occupied Green Zone in Baghdad it chronicles a world on the verge of imminent collapse under the weight of its own paranoia and loneliness.
211,Mr Gunn told the ABC that severe weather will be experienced several hours before the cyclone reaches the coast. "While we are saying the coastal crossing will be between 7 a.m. and 9 a.m. AEST the few hours leading up to that will be rather bumpy not very nice to experience" he said.
212,Former city manager of Largo Florida and transsexual Susan Stanton has been hired as the new city manager for Lake Worth.
213,British actor Daniel Craig has been confirmed as the man to follow Pierce Brosnan as the sixth James Bond.
214,NAOSC is an Alberta-based oil company founded in 2001. It manages 1110 square kilometres of oil sands leases located in northern Alberta.
215,In March of 2007 Wikimedia was named in a lawsuit filed in Superior Court of Monmouth New Jersey along with 20 other defendants which included operators of the Absolute Write web site
216,It is believed that in two separate incidents optical fibre cables were cut at Gundagai and Narrandera in Southern NSW.
217,The death of Allama Hassan Turabi is likely to raise tensions in Karachi which is often the scene of violence between Shias and Sunnis.
218,So far-reaching was YR's appeal that Romanian gymnast Nadia Comaneci chose the serial's theme song as accompanying music to her floor exercises at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
219,Star Foods was selling potato chips under the brand Star Chips and corn snacks under the brand Mr. Snaki. Star Foods was privately held by the Mitzalis family Advent International Copernicus Capital Partners and Cazolico S.A.
220,The Suns had 14 turnovers as a team. It was a case of Garnett and the Timberwolves taking full advantage of the mistakes the Suns made and turning it into an opportunity to win.
301,Founded by M.I.T. graduate George Woltman in 1996 GIMPS
302,Barack Obama is due to end his first overseas trip as US President today.
303,the Japanese capital of Tokyo
304,Sciullo was later found dead in the home's living room
305,Tesla Motors claims that their Model S a sedan
306,Mount Redoubt a volcano in Alaska
307,Mitchell said of the Shakespearean roots in her name " I'm certain it's not random
308,Ailin Graef a.k.a. Anshe Chung have developed virtual businesses in Second Life
309,Jason MacIntyre a champion cyclist killed when Robert McTaggart ran him down in a van
310,The Newseum Journalist's Memorial contains the names of 1913 journalists dating back to 1837.
311,Grey's Anatomy star Katherine Heigl and her musician hubby Josh Kelley are adopting a baby
312,Guadeloupe is an overseas department of France.
313,the Gulf of Aden off the coast of the African nation of Somalia
314,Christian Heritage Party candidate Ron Gray
315,This ward's incumbent is John A. Hutton; also challenging Hutton is Derrick Coke Navdeep Gill Jim Howell Joyce Rodriguez
316,Yigal Amir the student who assassinated Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin
317,CBS the network which airs the serial drama in the United States
318,Qalyubia a province located along the Nile Delta located about forty kilometres north of Egypt's capital of Cairo
319,Miriam Stucky' is running for the Green Party of Ontario
320,in Centennial Colorado
401,Robert Morgan 64 passed a red signal at Purley and struck an oncoming service on March 4 1989 killing five and injuring 80 more.
402,fraudulent and some regions saw voter turnout listed in excess of 100%
403,it could help to align McCain with former President Ronald Reagan
404,Police said the charges related to the violent and anti-social behaviour of a large number of people who gathered at Brighton-le-Sands on the night of the Cronulla riot.
405,the World Food Program could rise from today's 1.2 million to exceed 2.5 million people according to United Nations (UN) spokesman Stephane Dujarric at the organisation's New York
406,Starting next week readers visitors and contributing experts to EB's free online version Britannica.com
407,A Wimbledon champion in 2000 2001 and 2005 Williams was not the favorite to win the title again this year.
408,eptember 11 was terrible but if one re-examines the history of the IRA what happened in the United States
409,jessica Sierra said a statement by retired Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Buzz Patterson concerning the event.
410,The main point the two leaders agreed on was that only diplomatic means should be used in solving such international conflicts as in Afghanistan Iraq
411,copyright is a trade-off between the interests of us the public the audience human beings who need culture to survive and thrive and artists
412,Hovind was given ten years in federal prison ordered to pay $640000 in owed funds to the Internal Revenue Service
413,The single-carriageway road has been the scene of 43 fatal or serious collisions since 2001 nearly three-quarters of them involving motorcyclists.
414,the wedding is to be held in the summer of 2010 it gives the court 18 months
415,He suffered from a fatal heart attack on Wednesday. He was 65. He was a native of Greenville
416,The transition which was scheduled for February 17 has been pushed back to June 12 2009
417,The locomotive of the second train was pushed over the first train and landed on the last carriage of that train.
418,Faculty and students have been told to evacuate the campus. All 23 schools in Montgomery County VA are on lockdown.
419,the new iPod Classic design features a larger memory space of up to 160GB or 40000 songs and has a new all-metal design
420,England and Australia are set to showdown for the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
521,James Horwitz Chairman of the UTA Department of Physics was contacted by the Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban to study the new ball.
522,Movie studio company New Line Cinema has announced that movie director Peter Jackson will never be allowed to work on another New Line film.
523,One of the most visible Satanic organizations though one that was never a suspect or charged in any of the Satanic Panic cases-is the Church of Satan founded by Anton LaVey.
524,CNET editor former Fresh Gear contributor and Lab analyst James Kim has been missing since Saturday.
525,John Yelenic was found dead in his home on April 13 2006 one day before he was planning on signing his divorce papers
526,Frank was a Jewish girl who was hiding from the German occupation of the Netherlands during World War II and often referred to the tree as being "comforting" as she looked out the hidden apartment skylight
527,At least 28 people drowned and were confirmed dead 46 were rescued while 34 others remain missing on Sunday after an overcrowded passenger motorboat capsized off waters in Ballesteros a town of 17000 people the Cagayan police reported.
528,After the aeroplane pulled up abruptly it then pitched down at an angle of 31 degrees rolling left and right partially upside-down.
529,The movie is offered under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-ShareAlike 2.5 license; this allows people to use edit or share the movie in any way (except commercially) as long as they credit the creators.
530,The first major hurdle is Turkish recognition of Cyprus.
531,"You cannot dial 911 because you are unhappy with your burger ok
532,Sheikh Hasina (Shekh Hasina Oajed) was the Prime Minister of Bangladesh from 1996 to 2001.
533,Two British Army soldiers have been killed in a gun attack outside an army base in County Antrim Northern IrelandThe attack occurred at 21:40 GMT outside the Massereene army base home to 38 Engineering Regiment 16 miles north west of Belfast.
534,1939-1993 a memoir written by former Prime Minister of Canada Brian Mulroney will be released.
535,Reggie Bibbs is a 43-year-old-man living in Houston Texas.
536,President Barack Obama of the United States had his first full interview since his inauguration on Al Arabiya television.
537,Five policemen and two bystanders were killed and seven members of the Sri Lankan cricket team have been injured in a coordinated gun and rocket attack by 12 to 14 gunmen in Lahore Pakistan at about 8.00 a.m local time
538,Long John Baldry English-born blues legend passed away at the Vancouver General Hospital Vancouver British Columbia Thursday evening after fighting a severe chest infection for the past four months.
539,The Canadian Conservative Party plans to reject the federal budget
540,It can be difficult to be John Reed. Christopher Hitchens called him a "Bin Ladenist" and Cathy Young editorialized in The Boston Globe that he "blames the victims of terrorism" when he puts out a novel like Snowball's Chance a biting send-up of George Orwell's Animal Farm which he was inspired to write after the terrorist attacks on September 11.
541,This tells us we've got water ice within reach of the arm which means we can continue this investigation with the tools we brought with us" said primary investigator for Phoenix's stereo imager Mark Lemmon
542,Cardinal Murphy-O'Connor said "I am very glad to welcome Tony Blair into the Catholic Church ...
543,The site of the accident was closed to visitors following the injury of three TV journalists who got too close.
544,The Saint Paul Winter Carnival in Saint Paul Minnesota suffered a brief thaw on Monday with Monday's 41°F afternoon temperature plummeting below zero twenty four hours later.
545,On Tuesday February 24 Hilda Solis was sworn in as the new United States Secretary of Labor.Solis reported for her first day as the new Secretary after having been confirmed by the Senate by a vote of 80-17 on February 24.
546,Former Chilean President Augusto Pinochet 91 has suffered a heart attack early this morning.
547,22-year-old Sierra is a resident of Tampa and reached the final of the show's fourth season in 2005.
548,Rother points out that Social Security benefits which currently equal 42 percent of the earnings of an average worker retiring at age 65 would be reduced to 20% of pre-retirement earnings for future retirees thus potentially freezing retirees into today's standard of living.
549,Three of the six men from mainland China are continuing to refuse food at the centre
550,The bodies of five women within the United Kingdom have been found in or around the county of Suffolk in the east of England.
551,Mr Lu was later found to have survived but suffered serious injuries. Mr Lu has told the Guardian that he was battered unconscious and later driven hundreds of miles to his home town where he is now recuperating.
552,An unnamed 27-year-old man has been arrested and charged with "public order offenses" after he threw a shoe at the Chinese prime minister Wen Jiabao while he was giving a speech at Cambridge University in the United Kingdom on Monday February 2.
553,In October 2006 surgeon Peter Butler at London's Royal Free Hospital in the UK was given permission by the NHS ethics board to carry out a full face transplant.
554,They decided that Castro would send his Vice-chancellor with a letter detailing what they had talked about to Chávez.
555,Former United States football player O.J. Simpson was sentenced to prison for 15 years yesterday morning on charges of kidnapping and armed robbery of two sports memorabilia dealers at a hotel in Las Vegas Nevada.
556,Djibouti and Eritrea have spoken to the United Nations security council on Thursday to discuss a border dispute. Djibouti has said that unless the UN intervenes there will be war.
557,Greenpeace has called on the Australian government to prevent the ship from refuelling. The government stated it is opposed to commercial whaling but that taking such action would be "counter-productive"
558,After discovery by a blogger Microsoft has announced that on their next operating system Windows 7 users will have the ability to remove Internet Explorer and other select Microsoft programs.
559,Michele Yelenic is expected to testify that Foley was home with her when the alleged murder occurred. Krastek told the jury DNA under Yelenic's fingerprints will ultimately link him to the murder as will bloody shoe prints found at the crime scehe that match athletic shoes Foley is known to wear.
560,Protests have continued after Manchester United defeated Lille in the Champions League round of 16.
581,A new medal has been created for New Zealanders who helped in recovery efforts after the Boxing Day Tsunami.
582,Statfjord is 200 km (124 miles) off the coast of Norway located to the east of Bergen. It is an oil and gas field in the Norwegian sector of the North Sea though approximately 15% of it is in the United Kingdom's waters.
583,Charles Chibitty the last surviving member of the group of 17 who served in World War II as the Comanche code talkers died in a Tulsa Oklahoma nursing home July 20.
584,Since its inception People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) has made headlines and raised eyebrows.
585,Between the hours of 3:00 pm and 8:45 pm GMT on Monday March 24 2008 an 87-year-old woman was raped in her own home in Great Yarmouth Norfolk England.
586,Brown who has been Chancellor of the Exchequer for the past ten years succeeds Tony Blair who tendered his resignation to the Queen earlier on Wednesday.
587,332 of the jobs will be lost due to the closure of flight attendant base offices in Halifax and Winnipeg. Another 300 jobs will be lost at Vancouver due to major reductions in Air Canada's Pacific-based international flights.
588,Sam Brownback is perplexed. The U.S. Senator from Kansas and Presidential candidate is a Republican whose politics-he is against marriage for gay people he is against abortion.
589,Actress Claire Danes appeared Wednesday in Toronto on the television series MuchOnDemand to promote her new film Stardust.
590,The Simpsons has been on television for 17 seasons and FOX confirms that it will run at least two more seasons.
591,Prosecutors said they could call as many as 70 witnesses to try and prove Foley wanted Yelenic to die
592,Arafat was homosexual. It has been alleged that the PLO's leader may have contracted HIV as the result of risky homosexual behavior in the years preceding the AIDS scare of the late 1980s.
593,The BBC's correspondent Alan Johnston based in Gaza has been freed after almost four months in captivity. The BBC broadcast images of Alan Johnston leaving a building in Gaza and entering a white car
594,The Real IRA has claimed responsibility for a gun attack last night that killed two British soldiers and wounded two.
595,United States television game show Jeopardy! Alex Trebek 67 is being hospitalized after suffering from a minor heart attack.
596,Pakistani officials say the Scotland Yard team will lend forensic and technical expertise to the investigation which is being carried out by the government as controversy swirls around the death of Ms. Bhutto.
597,The current Iraqi president Jalal Talabani said that former president Saddam Hussein confessed to various crimes and killings which were committed during his regime.
598,J.K. Rowling the author of the "Harry Potter" series has revealed the release date of the seventh and final installment Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows July 21 2007.
599,One fossil was shaped like an asparagus stalk but was the size of a small tree. It is believed that the forest was buried in nearly a flash after the land was pushed downward below sea level after a massive earthquake burying the forest "forever."
600,A Helios airliner (Boeing 737 flight HCY 522) with 115 passengers and 6 crew onboard has crashed into a mountain at 09:04 UTC (12:04 p.m. EEST) near Grammatiko 40 kilometres (25 miles) north of Athens while approaching the capital's airport.
141,For one day the village of Gordonville (population: a couple of hundred) became maybe the biggest town in Pennsylvania's Amish country.
142,Onna has become a symbol of the destruction wrought by the April 6 earthquake that killed 296 people in the central Abruzzo region.
143,That compares with about 35 per cent in sub-Saharan Africa and only 8 per cent in China whose economic growth India strives to emulate
144,Gaza he said was "slouching towards a holocaust
145,Although it is still in the basic research stage stem cell therapy shows promise says Caesar.
146,A Northern Ireland teenager has been charged with the murder of PSNI constable Stephen Carroll earlier this month.
147,December 29 United States According to NASA's Near Earth Object Program 2004 MN4's assessed risk has been corrected downward to zero on the Torino
148,Lugo 57
149,urge China to halt its suppression of Falun Gong and persecution of Falun Gong members
150,GlaxoSmithKline is nearing a deal to acquire Stiefel Laboratories a large maker of dermatology products
151,SUVA Fiji President President Ratu Josefa Iloilo
152,megamouth shark one of the rarest fishes i
153,China has rejected Coca-Cola's planned $2.4 billion acquisition of top juice maker
154,Castro took power in 1959
155,Eating two and a half ounces of baby broccoli daily for two months may protect against a common stomach bug that is linked to gastritis ulcers and even stomach cancer
156,and accused Israel of perpetrating war crimes and crimes against humanity
157,Slumdog Millionaire director Danny Boyle
158,American atomic bombs dropped on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in August 1945
159,once owned by mobster Al Capone
160,De Klerk was South Africa's last white president
161,47% of Indian children are mal-nourished.
162,Sean Hodgson was in jail for 27 years.
163,the 550-seat double-decker A380 Airbus overtook the 747 as the largest passenger airliner in service.
164,Mr Hodgson was found guilty in 1982 of killing Teresa De Simone.
165,U.S.-Cuba relations amid speculation that Washington is ready to loosen some facets of its 47-year-old trade embargo against the island.
166,Tom Malinowski Washington director of Human Rights Watch and applies international laws of war to suspects captured far from the battlefields of Afghanistan and Iraq.
167,More than three months into a medical leave from Apple Inc. Chief Executive Steve Jobs remains closely involved in key aspects of running the company say people familiar with the matter.
168,As he campaigns for a third term Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg is counting on his reputation as a top-notch manager who tamed a once-unruly metropolis.
169,oceans are becoming increasingly acidic as they soak up manmade emissions of carbon dioxide.
170,There is also expected spread of fatal tropical diseases.
171,Ninty-seven years ago Tuesday the Titanic the largest passenger steamship in the world struck an iceberg and began to sink during her maiden voyage. On April 14 1912 the cruise liner headed from England to New York struck the iceberg.
172,Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger signed legislation Friday that will assist about 469000 longtime jobless Californians by year's end.
173,New Zealand reported suspected swine flu cases on Monday among a second group of teenagers returning from Mexico
174,Russell Dunham who as an Army sergeant in World War II received the Medal of Honor for charging up a snowy hill in the Alsace region of France and single-handedly killing wounding or capturing 18 German soldiers died Monday in Godfrey Ill.
175,Jefferson County Deputy Coroner Jim Wesley said Page had slid from his hospital-type bed as Wesley said he would occasionally sometime between 3 a.m. and 5 a.m. ET when his wife found him and that his death was consistent with positional asphyxia. Page was found sitting on the floor with his head lodged between the bed and the rail Wesley said. Patricia Page immediately moved him to try to resuscitate him Wesley said. Page told The Associated Press her husband "is in a better place now." The March 9 2001 fight left Page in a coma for nearly a week. He then had a stroke during post-fight surgery. He was paralyzed on his left side and received intensive physical therapy.
176,As Mel Gibson walked hand in hand with his new Russian girlfriend on the red carpet last night a few new grey hairs were the only sign that he is a man about to lose $US500 million. The Australian actor in the middle of what is expected to become one of the world's most expensive divorces.
177,Valentino Rossi is the Yamaha rider in the MotoGP.
178,Their futures are conjoined through the agent-player relationship and by similar career paths. Armstrong churned through the Midwest pressure cooker first delivering the ball to Michael Jordan during a period when they won three N.B.A. titles together.
179,Giampaolo Giuliani is a technician who works on a neutrino experiment at the Gran Sasso National Laboratory in Italy.
180,Micheline Calmy-Rey is the Swiss Foreign Minister.
361,Furthermore the MEC wants to exempt the students from the Cuban Escola Latino Americana de Medicina (Latin American Medicine School) or ELAM located in Havana from the examination
362,It is a system that was designed to last five years according to Preston Burch associate director and program manager for the Hubble Space Telescope.
363,"This is very exciting and important" said Professor Michael Bode from Liverpool John Moores University a principal investigator for the RoboNet project which helped to collaborate on the research.
364,Trains trams cars and buses ground to a halt on Monday after a shoot-out between 18:00 CET and 19:00 CET in the historical city of Basel in Switzerland.
365,The Senator and former diplomat Arthur Virgílio(PSDB) sent a letter to Minister Celso Amorim protesting against the change in the entrance examination to IRBr.
366,A Casa-212 aircraft owned by the Indonesian air force disappeared while on a flight from the capital Jakarta to Bogor in West Java Friday morning.
367,At this very moment Tibetans are facing the most severe and violent repression they have seen in decades at the hands of the Chinese government and we have taken nonviolent action at this critical time to draw the world's attention to the crisis gripping Tibet
368,One other teen mother Amanda Ireland who recently graduated from the school also gave a warning to the mothers "Don't try to get pregnant.
369,Stronach was previously married to Olympic speed-skating champion Johann Olav Koss of Norway then divorced in 2005.
370,As a sign of respect several Cabinet Ministers including Deputy Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak and Information Minister Datuk Seri Abdul Kadir Sheikh Fadzir cancelled official functions.
371,Chris Lee an Republican politician from Corning New York representing the 26th Congressional District of New York.
372,Mr. Hakeem 58 left the North-West Frontier Province (NWFP) at the age of 25
373,Prof. Sali Tagliamonte a professor of linguistics at the University of Toronto said parents and teachers shouldn't be concerned that this new medium is corrupting young people's grammar.
374,The South African government has set a six-month deadline for some white farmers to agree on sale prices for their farms. The government will be requiring them to sell the farms as part of its land redistribution programme.
375,A kindergarten teacher in Port St. Lucie Florida United States is being reassigned following an incident last week in which her students voted to remove a possibly autistic child from the classroom.
376,Last week at the British Association's science festival Rev Professor Michael Reiss said that creation should not be ignored if it come up in class
377,autobiographies some editions of Lady Chatterley's Lover by D.H. Lawrence
378,Track Star Marion Jones winner of 3 gold medals in the 2000 Sydney Olympics
379,Our people had to fill their nostrils with Vick's VapoRub and wear masks. They could only go in for five minutes at a time and had to come out to get fresh air again.
380,She and her husband have two children and live on the north side of Chicago.
381,Utzon never returned to Australia to see his building completed.
382,Thai PM Thaksin Shinawatra was accused of planning a cabinet reshuffle in an effort to deflect public attention away from allegations of wrongdoing and corruption.
383,The explosion occurred at 10:50 a.m. [EST] at the Flat Top Little General Store and fire officials say that the cause may have been from a nearby propane tank that was leaking.
384,Chris Kausner has said his sister Elise
385,About 20 youths some of whom were carrying signs reading "Leave my Pope alone"
386,But says Jessica she's going to adopt
387,four sons Khalid Mohamed Ali and Moutasim
388,Margaret Poplawski opened the door and told them to come in and take her 23-year-old son
389,There will also be a Washington exhibit
390,New York City's Times Square
391,activists farmers community organizers and journalists killed since Mrs. Arroyo came to power in 2001.
392,This is in stark contrast to bombs detonated over the weekend in Ahwaz
393,in Prince William County Virginia
394,Declan Ganley was the most successful Irish politician of 2008.
395,notable landmarks which will honour Earth Hour Saturday evening.
396,Iran defeated Malaysia
397,allegations that he had extramarital sex with a teenage employee
398,North Queensland Fury announced the signing of former Liverpool FC striker Robbie Fowler
399,According to Greater Manchester Ambulance Service no one has been hurt as a result of the explosion.
400,Rico Daniels is a British TV presenter living in France
461,we finally decided to invite Jack Ma
462,Galvarino Apablaza has been arrested in November 29 in Argenti
463,A 300 million-year-old fossilized rain forest has been found in its entirety outside Georgetown Illinois United States
464,Majel's husband Gene died in 1991 of
465,Copyright is an incredibly sensible piece of law
466,The McDonald's fast-food giant has begun a campaign to have the word removed from the dictionary or to have its definition changed by lobbying British MPs.
467,s. Katrina then passed over Florida and headed into the Gulf of Mexico where it strengthened into a massive category 5 storm. She then made her second landfall on the morning of August 29 2005 near Buras-Triumph Louisiana with winds at 125 MPH and a central pressure of 920 mbar a strong Category 3 storm.
468,The New England Patriots will face the San Diego Chargers at Foxborough on January 20.
469,. T. Rybak the Mayor of Minneapolis has issued a statement posted on the front page of his website saying "Our heartfelt grief goes out to the families and loved ones of those who perished in tonight's I-35W bridge collapsed over the Mississippi Rive
470,In a comeback after two years of inactivity due to stress fractures and becoming a mother world record holder Paula Radcliffe from the United Kingdom has won the New York City marathon toda
471,"Greenpeace is disgusted that any member of the IWC would seek to promote whaling based upon the false notion that whales consume so much fish that they are a threat to food security for coastal nations". He added that the declaration was more like a whaler's "wish list peddling predictable and well-rehearsed rhetoric".
472,Orangutans are part of an endangered species and in 2003 only about 7300 were believed to be left living in the wild.
473,he new museum was named Kyushu National Museum and nicknamed "Kyuhaku".
474,Learners also spoke about what Read Santa Clara meant to them. Raymond Moreno said "I hope it stays for another ten twenty thirty years because we need it
475,he 20th Olympic Winter Games are set to start today in Turin Ital
476,When China did not react favorably to Japan's intention to seek permanent UN Security Council membership the Japan Times criticized the aid as a "complete waste".
477,Scottish football player Phil O'Donnell has died today after collapsing during a game in which his team Motherwell F.C.
478,On 31 October 2007 the National Court in Madrid issued a decision recognizing that the National Church of Scientology of Spain should be entered in the Registry of Religious Entities
479,Sotiris is among those occupying a university building.
480,The games are being hosted at the Inter Expo Centre in Sofia the capital of Bulgaria.
481,Queensland National Senator Barnaby Joyce
482,He has also faced several accusations of bribery
483,Manchester United progressed to the qaurterfinals of the Champions League earlier today after defeating Lille 1-0
484,a number of studies reveal horrific abuses of both women and men under Hussein's regime and Hussein enabled laws allowing men to kill their wives
485,magician Criss Angel told Uri Geller and Jim Callahan "I will give you a million dollars of my personal money right now if either one of you can tell me specific details of what's in [this envelope] right now."
486,Remnants of tropical storm Ernesto
487,he Zambian government has previously been criticised by some for its annual ban on fishing
488,Women are the new victims of Islamic groups intent on restoring a medieval barbarity and of a political establishment that cares little for women's empowerment.
489,Mr Yanukovich who is seen as pro-Moscow
490,killing of journalist and human rights activist Anna Politkovskaya
491,Sicilian Mafia boss Salvatore Lo Piccolo
492,The closure of a mathematics summer camp in Sirince Izmir Turkey by Turkish authorities
493,Cathal Ryan an early board member of Irish non-designated flag carrier and son of late co-founder Tony Ryan
494,She is Queen of sixteen independent nations known as the Commonwealth Realms
495,Russia responded to these actions by sending their own troops into South Ossetia
496,British pop star Leona Lewis has broken Billboard records in the United States to become the first female British pop star to reach a number one spot on the music charts
497,When the budget was tabled last month Harper initially said his party would support the bill. He now says the party will oppose it
498,passed a vote of no confidence in the home secretary's ability to deal with pay and conditions
499,Russian President Vladimir Putin said he will accept a nomination for Prime Minister of Russia as Dmitry Medvedev
500,Honda's Civic and Ridgeline truck won the North American Car and Truck of the Year awards
501,Kennedy was diagnosed with brain cancer which required an operation. this the reation the Ted Kennedy was died.
502,Turkey run by mathematics professor Ali Nesin has been closed by the authorities apparently for "teaching without a permit" and "founding an illegal institution".
503,Paul Harvey was an American broadcaster in ABC Radio Network. In a written statement ABC Radio Networks president Jim Robinson said "Paul Harvey was one of the most gifted and beloved broadcasters in our nation's history.
504,"Psychiatry is a pseudoscience" and "There is no such thing as a chemical imbalance in a body" reflect the beliefs of the Church ofScientology of which he is a member.
505,Mr. Gonda is the manager of The Kelham Island Tavern because Mr Gonda credited the pub's success to the "excellent brewers we deal with our faithful and supportive pub regulars and our invaluable staff members.
506,Seven miners have been killed and seven more are missing after a coal mine flooded in north China's Hebei province and hence a coal mine accident killed more than 73 people in China.
507,James Bond was created by Ian Fleming because James Bond sound stage at Pinewood Studios has been destroyed by fire. It is thought eight fire engines were called to the scene near Iver Heath in Buckinghamshire on Sunday morning where filming for Casino Royale the latest Bond movie has been completed.
508,Rural police officers in small and somewhat isolated communities in particular have a fine and sometimes difficult balance to achieve in being active members of their community but also being seen to be impartial in the discharge of their duties as a police officer.
509,Rosa Parks the African American woman who served as a catalyst to the American Civil Rights Movement died of natural causes on Monday night at her home in Detroit Michigan
510,Fans of the American hard rock band Aerosmith have launched legal action against the band in response to a late cancellation of a scheduled concert on the Hawaiian Island of Maui.
511,The National Party of which Senator Joyce is a member governs Australia in coalition with the Liberal Party. The government plans to amend regulations governing the petrol industry to allow oil companies to own more than five percent of petrol stations.
512,Morales told a crowd in front of the flag-draped balcony of Palacio Quemado in La Paz the administrative capital of Bolivia.
513,U.S. Senator Sam Brownback formerly the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee with responsibility for Southeast Asia commented: I offer my deepest condolences for the loss of Benazir Bhutto and to the families of those killed today. so he is not a republician.
514,An appeals court in Eastern France has confirmed the Swedish car manufacturer Volvo is guilty over the deaths of two schoolchildren aged nine and ten and the serious injury of a third after a brakes failure caused an accident in 1999.
515,BELFAST UNITED KINGDOM Thieves have gotten away with money believed to be in excess of £20m ($39m) from the headquarters of Northern Bank a subsidiary of National Australia Bank in Northern Ireland.
516,Emwatsi Primary School is a member of the Lake Victoria Schools Agroforestry Environmental Education Network which is facilitated by the World Agroforestry Centre (ICRAF) and the Kenya Forestry Research Institute (KEFRI) within the framework of the 'Farmers of the Future' initiative.
517,China Sea characterizing the move as "a serious provocation" hence China won't receive money from Japan.
518,With online gaming in persistent worlds becoming more prevalent a US congressional committee has begun to look into the tax implications of these booming online economies when we buy gold The US Congress may re-establish luxury taxes.
519,Mr. Gonda is the manager of The Kelham Island Tavern because Mr Gonda credited the pub's success to the "excellent brewers we deal with our faithful and supportive pub regulars and our invaluable staff members.
520,A further email sent to all staff by Defra's permanent secretary indicates that Charing Cross and Waterloo mainline railway stations have been closed down for police searches and that other stations could close for similar reasons later today.
181,Libération and Reporters without Borders suspect this attack was a deliberate act of intimidation decided by the Tunisian regime
182,Since 1988 the National Trust for Historic Preservation has announced an annual list of sites it aims to restore protect and preserve.
183,directed the chief security and intelligence services and the presidential guard
184,The disease does not normally spread to humans though infections are sporadically recorded especially among people who have been directly exposed to pigs
185,Representatives of 27 countries with a high incidence of multi-drug resistant TB (MDR-TB) are meeting in Beijing for a three-day conference organised by the UN World Health Organisation (WHO) China's Ministry of Health and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to secure funding and action to combat the spread of MDR-TB and extensively drug-resistant TB (XDR-TB)
186,Tributes have been paid to writer and broadcaster Sir Clement Freud who has died at his London home nine days short of his 85th birthday
187,These mangrove forest ecosystems trap and cycle organic matter chemicals and nutrients
188,"I'm trying to pursue a way to earn a living and do some interesting things
189,The country's child welfare minister had come out Thursday in support of the pop superstar's application to ado pt 3-year-old Chifundo "Mercy" James.
190,The journey from television to theater at the show's 18th year of existence—The Simpsons is one of the longest-running TV shows in history—wasn't necessarily a sure thing
191,Mr. Barnes was an offensive lineman in the old American Football League playing four seasons in the 1960s for the New York Titans the San Diego Chargers and the Denver Broncos
192,Mr. Lieberman leads the hawkish party Yisrael Beiteinu an important partner in the governing coalition and the third largest party in Parliament.
193,Tuesday's election will pit Republican Jim Tedisco a 58-year-old state legislator for 27 years against Democrat Scott Murphy a 39-year-old businessman who has the backing of President Barack Obama and influential unions. Voters will choose the successor to Kirsten Gillibrand who is now a U.S. senator.
194,North Korea's state news agency says that leader Kim Jong Il observed the launch of the country's satellite.
195,Dr Amjad Deeb Obaid has headed the F1 medical unit in Bahrain since 2007 with responsibility for a team of 150 medical professionals
196,nuclear watchdog left North Korea on Thursday after being ordered out by Pyongyang which has raised regional tensions by saying it will abandon atomic disarmament talks and restart an aged nuclear complex it had agreed to shut in an aid-for-disarmament dea
197,Libyan state news agency Jana said two days of talks in Tripoli ended with both sides committing themselves to "total and comprehensive peace
198,Mr Tomlinson collapsed and died of a heart attack after walking to nearby Cornhill where he received first aid from police. A New York fund manager recorded the footage believed to be the last showing Mr Tomlinson alive.
199,The tiny Swiss canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden has voted to prohibit the phenomenon of naked hiking
200,He had already broken new ground in his White House campaign as the first black candidate to become the presidential choice of either major US party.
321,Conscience will not allow me to continue with business as usual
322,Dominador L. De Luna 51 an employee of the National Food Authority (NFA) in Samar
323,Hey Rube: Blood Sport the Bush Doctrine and the Downward Spiral of Dumbness
324,an instinctive behavioural change from the locusts
325,Since some are from the Army and the others [Portuguese Republican National Guard] are a specialized police and that they never worked together its useful to carry out some practical exercises
326,IME magazine and the Boston Globe involved the fact that 17 girls all sixteen years old or younger got themselves pregnant as part of a "pregnancy pact" so that the teenage mothers could raise their babies together.
327,On behalf of the government I express my condolences to the families of the dead victims and may their souls be accepted by God almighty
328,2 years the state of California still fills a claim against Marcheline Bertrand and asks for $60000 in back taxes
329,Adam Dylan Leon a 31-year-old Canadian citizen stole a Cessna 172 Skyhawk light aircraft from an airfield in Thunder Bay Ontario Canada
330,Red Bull Sports Drink billionaire owner Dietrich Mateschitz
331,The aircraft later crossed the border out of Wisconsin and passed over Illinois north of the city of St. Louis Missouri
332,Gillette known for brands such as Gillette razors Oral B dental care and Duracell batteries has had growing problems with the growth of private labels and price cuts demanded by large supermarkets.
333,NATO an attempted hijacking of a Norwegian tanker in the Gulf of Aden by Somali pirates has been thwarted by NATO forces
334,The NASDAQ index has risen by 2.53% to 2248.63
335,Greenpeace activists scattered schools of menhaden bait fish in the Chesapeake Bay on Tuesday when fishing ships belonging to Omega Protein Corp
336,Toronto Transit Commission workers walked off the job yesterday and formed picket lines outside subway stations bus terminals and other TTC facilities
337,Swede Annie Börjesson's mother and her best friend Maria Jansson
338,His friend Kadhem Al-Rawi a doctor in Islamic Principles at the European Institute of Human Sciences
339,Floods during the month of January have devastated Singapore
340,President Thabo Mbeki's government has set a target of transferring 30% of land to blacks by 2014
421,South Australia in 1980
422,Both player have been summoned to attend a hearing of its disciplinary committee on Thursday 20 July and a decision is expected later that day
423,According to Philippine department of health (DOH) Secretary Francisco Duque the quarantine of the hog farm in palauig manaoag pangasinan has been lifted after finding  no traces of viral transmission
424,In his testimony Mulroney said that he should not have associated with German businessman Karlheinz Schreiber nor should have he accepted bundles of cash which he placed in safe deposit boxes in two different countries.
425,Upward was born Edward Falaise Upward on September 9 1903 in Romford England
426,Brazilian comedienne and actress Dercy Gonçalves has died at the age of 101.
427,Ike Turner was perhaps best known as one half of the Ike Turner duo with his former wife Tina Turner whom he married in Mexico in 1962
428,Police detailing some of the allegations contained on the Liverpool Evil Cabal web site. This is the second visit to the Police stimulated by the Blog.
429,The Federal Australian Labor Party Opposition which had originally opposed the introduction of VSU changed its policy which originally supported automatic unionism of students and compulsory fees to a stance supporting only retainment of amenity and services fees.
430,Though YouTube is complying with the Church of Scientology's requests to take down the video other sites such as Gawker.com have stated that they will keep hosting the video.
431,Salil Ankola who was one of the celebrities participating in the reality TV-show Bigg Boss which is said to be an adopted version of the Big Brother series from the UK; had to leave the house of Bigg Boss following a ruling from the High Court of Maharashtra. Ankola's trouble began when Balaji Telefilms Ltd.
432,The International Criminal Court (ICC) in The Hague Netherlands has ordered the arrest of the president of the African country of Sudan Omar Hassan al-Bashir.
433,Cathal's prosperity had often helped Ryanir through financial problems in it's early stages.
434,Japanese automaker Toyota NYSE: TM reported a 32% drop in US sales from a year earlier Nissan MotorsNASDAQ: NSANY dropped 30% and Honda NYSE: HMC sales dropped 28%. Subaru and South Korean Hyundai Motor Company LSE: HYUD were two of the few auto firms that reported an increase in sales. They posted gains of eight and fourteen percent respectively.
435,In the event Hilary Clinton asked the crowd to "Let us just take a moment to marvel at the progress we have made together.
436,Lycos' approach is to make it more expensive to maintain servers that send spam.
437,Toyota which is the second largest carmaker in the world fell by the largest amount in 21 years while Elpida Memory the world's largest manufacturer of computer memory dropped in value to a record low.
438,SANTOSBrazil Miss Marina Souza aged 43 mother of Robson de Souza-known as Robinho (Little Robin)- a Brazilian soccer player for the Santos Football Club has been released Friday December 17 by her kidnappers at Santa Cruz Street in Perus a district of São Paulo city after 40 days been captive
439,The ferry was bound for Samarinda East Kalimantan from Pare-Pare South Sulawesi.
440,The Mandela birthday celebration will be capped with a concert at Hyde Park on Friday that will feature Annie Lennox Queen Razorlight Leona Lewis and the Soweto Gospel Choir.
281,Phil Spector who produced a large number of hit records in the 1960s and 1970s has been convicted of second-degree murder in the 2003 shooting of actress Lana Clarkson
282,India is expected to provide the funding architectural design landscape planning a Buddha idol and other materials for the completed temple.
283,We can all agree that no one wants to see another sick child in Santa Ana.
284,interior minister Desire Tagro killed 22 people
285,Her husband former US President Bill Clinton canceled a speech in New York City.
286,After the murder of Grace's fiancee in 1979 she became a prosecutor in her native Georgia and later hosted her own show on Court TV followed later by her CNN tenure.
287,primary camera on the Hubble Space Telescope has shut down
288,The art consultant who lived at the Bailey Howth Co Dublin died in August 2004
289,Bill McMaster is running for the Family Coalition Party in the Ontario provincial election in the Lambton-Kent-Middlesex riding
290,Accepting the proposal which according to US State Department spokesman Robert Wood "commits us to no legal obligations" would nonetheless be a reversal from the Bush administration's refusal to sign.
291," Prime Minister of Russia Vladimir Putin said that "it is regrettable that on the day before the opening of the Olympic Games the Georgian authorities have undertaken aggressive actions in South Ossetia."
292,Dr. Roger Vickers team used radar to locate three chambers within the rocky hill atop of which is the Temple of Taposiris Magna dedicated to the goddess Isis.
293,Pittsburgh Pennsylvania Local caterers get ready for big business as almost three thousand fans converge on the David L. Lawrence Convention Center over the Independence Day weekend for the world's largest ever furry convention Anthrocon 2007.
294,Drug paraphernalia was found in the truck but Williams said Tuesday that Haley's cause of death had not been determined.
295,But its rise was brought to a halt in the cities Mechelen and also in its stronghold Antwerp
296,Patrick Doohan and his hotel Ostan Thoraigh Comhlacth Teoranta for ongoing trespass and physical damage to his one-time holiday home on Tory Island off the Donegal coast.
297,President Nicolas Sarkozy of France married the supermodel-turned-singer Carla Bruni at the Elysée Palace on Saturday witnesses said.
298,Hideki Moronuki from Japan's Fisheries Agency is pleased the whaling mission will no longer be obstructed
299,Iraqi terrorists extended the ultimatum by calling Romanian Prima TV the station where two of the kidnapped journalists worked.
300,Joba's father Harlan Chamberlain 55 collapsed at his home in Lincoln and is currently at St. Elizabeth Regional Medical Center.
101,McDonald's has announced slightly higher profits in the first three months of the year as people look for value meals during the recession.
102,Prosecutor Alan Jackson said he believed the jury reached the correct verdict and he acknowledged the strength and backing of Clarkson's family.
103,However 35-year-old Cannavaro will not be granted the opportunity to end his career with his home club Napoli.
104,Leftist Mauricio Funes of El Salvador's former Marxist rebel FMLN party has won the country's presidential election.
105,Dr. McCarty said that for a half year from late 1911 to April 1912 when the Titanic set sail the company's board discussed the problem at every meeting.
106,A SCUBA diver has died during a visit to a historic ship sunk off the Port Phillip Bay heads.
107,The fishermen are protesting catch quotas they call too low for them to earn a living.
108,The Chancellor revealed in his Budget that borrowing this year would soar to a record £175bn as the government tries to "grow" its way out of recession.
109,The coffee chain which has been slashing costs to compensate for dwindling customer visits had announced plans to close almost 1000 stores around the world as the worst recession in decades drove consumers to tighten their belts.
110,The pilot of an Indonesian plane that crashed at an airport on Java island killing 21 people has been jailed for two years for criminal negligence.
111,This winter's ski season in Europe and the US has been stunning — the snow arrived early fell in heaps and is still falling in many places
112,Savana Redding then an eighth-grader and now 19 was so humiliated she never went back to the school. Her mother sued the school district and the administrator involved.
113,Icelandic Prime Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir said that as part of the coalition agreement her centre-left Social Democratic Alliance had signed with the far-left Left Green Movement the current caretaker government would not apply for membership of the EU.
114,Howard D. Schultz Starbucks' chief executive told investors Wednesday after announcing that the company's second-quarter net income had dropped 77 percent that "The global economy continues to be weak."
115,But instead of heeding the advice of Mr Giuliani local authorities reported him to police for "spreading alarm" and he was told to remove his findings from the internet.
116,The former computer programmer has been without a job for less than two months and says the idea for the four-event competition — Telephone toss Payday piñata Pin-the-Blame-on-the-Boss and the "You're Fired!" race — just popped into his head one night.
117,Pietenpol said the National Cancer Institute stands to receive $1.3 billion in stimulus package funds. "We have to look beyond a stimulus package" she said.
118,Prosecutors accused Mr. Meinl of artificially bolstering shares of the real estate company Meinl European Land on the Vienna stock exchange even as its investments in real estate across Eastern and Central Europe cratered.
119,The telecoms minister was among about 35 people injured in the blast at the town of Akuressa 160km (100 miles) south of the capital Colombo.
120,The puzzlement comes from video players who don't work at NBC Fox or Hulu and who can't see the upside in Disney CEO Bob Iger throwing in his lot with Hulu.
121,Shown on a test run with President Obama in the White House on March 15 2009 the black-and-white Portuguese water dog is a gift to President Obama's daughters Malia and Sasha from Senator Edward M. Kennedy who also owns Portuguese water dogs
122,But Mr Petrini who founded Slow Food in 1986 as a reaction to the arrival of McDonald's near the Spanish Steps in Rome began his campaign out of fear that the Mediterranean way of life was being eroded by alien habits such as a sandwich at the desk instead of lunch.
123,Susan Boyle 47 wowed judges and audience alike when she performed on the television contest "Britain's Got Talent." When Boyle stepped on stage she told the show's judges "I'm nearly 48 currently unemployed but still looking..." But not likely unemployed for much longer reports CBS News correspondent Mark Phillips.
124,Dahi Khalfan bin Tamim said that he would ask Interpol to arrest the member of Parliament Adam S. Delimkhanov and that it was "Russia's responsibility in front of the world to control these killers from Chechnya."
125,Mexico's new president Felipe Calderon seems to be doing all the right things in cracking down on Mexico's drug traffickers.
126,The company faces a deadline of April 30 to come up with a viable business plan supported by its creditors the United Automobile Workers union and Fiat the Italian car company that wants to acquire a stake in Chrysler.
127,The Majority Leader Senator Harry Reid Democrat of Nevada tried unsuccessfully to get unanimous consent to confirm Ms. Sebelius.
128,Prince Charles and his wife met today with the Pope Benedict XVI at the Vatican to talk about the environment.
129,Iceland's population is less than a one-hundredth of ours and because of their parliamentary system Sigurdardottir was never popularly elected.
130,A reward of $2m (£1.37m) each will be paid to informers who help arrest Mexico's 24 most-wanted drug gang chiefs the attorney general has said.
131,PORT-AU-PRINCE Haiti — Paul Collier a leading poverty guru spent a recent morning here waxing positive about how the world's economic freefall might prove the perfect moment for Haiti to sell more exports like T-shirts and mangoes to Americans.
132,The man accused of killing Ms. Zapata Allen R. Andrade 32 told the police that he had attacked her upon discovering that she was biologically a man after the two met on the Internet and had a sexual encounter.
133,Yet to Justice Souter who told President Obama last week that he would retire from the Supreme Court in June and return to rural New Hampshire at the relatively young age of 69 this is apparently heaven.
134,With one of the world's largest Catholic populations estimated at 158 million Africa is the continent where the church is at once strong in terms of sheer numbers and devotional vitality and weak inevitably touched by the poverty corruption conflict and disease afflicting the larger society.
135,Contestants in season two of "Paris Hilton's My New BFF" are living in a mansion that costs half as much as the home the show rented last season.
136,First runner-up Carrie Prejean (Miss California) was asked about legalizing same-sex marriage from judge Perez Hilton the Internet blogger behind perezhilton.com.
137,Hours after the North's announcement the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said its inspectors had been ordered out.
138,The trial against Swedish file-sharing website The Pirate Bay is coming to an end with the four defendents saying they're "confident we are going to win"
139,Panetta told agency employees in an e-mail Thursday that the secret prisons are no longer used and the CIA is making plans to permanently shutter them. But the CIA can still hold prisoners temporarily.
140,The brainchild of laid-off computer programmer Nick Goddard the event will take place on Tuesday afternoon and feature unemployed "athletes" participating in events such as the Fax Machine Toss the "You're Fired" race and Pin the Blame on the Bosses.
221,. According to police spokeswoman Michelle Steele the teacher said Alex had been sent to the office earlier that day and when he came back to class Portillo asked the students if they were ready for him to return.
222,Before we boarded the minibus Saunders made a speech outlining the reasons for the march. He said they were "fighting for jobs for young people fighting for free education fighting for our share of the wealth which we create
223,The victims 11 and nine say they were robbed and beaten in an area of fields and woodland in Edlington northern England on Saturday.
224,Secretary of State of the Vatican City Cardinal Tarcisio said that the Pope apologized for the way his remarks made during a speech at the University of Regensburg in Germany on September 12 2006 were interpreted saying "the Holy Father is very sorry that some passages of his speech may have appeared offensive to Muslims and were interpreted in a way he hadn't intended them to be.
225,Two are the alleged gunfighters Eduardo and Fogoió one is a man called Tato who supposedly contacted the gunfighters and the other one is a farmer Vítor Miro Bastos de Moura known as Bida who is believed to have contracted the assassins. T
226,Residents and business owners in the Elmwood Avenue neighborhood and surrounding area in Buffalo heard a competing proposal for development in their neighborhood at the February 22 meeting held at the Burchfield-Penney Art Gallery at Buffalo State College.
227,On Thursday in Canada the Society Promoting Environmental Conservation (SPEC) and the Western Canada Wilderness Committee delivered petitions with over 10000 signatorys to the Premier of British Columbia's office.
228,On Friday August 4 bride-to-be Julianna Redd's parents Lemeul and Julia Redd told her that she was going on a shopping trip but instead she was driven 390 km (240 miles) from Provo Utah to Grand Junction Colorado by her parents trying to talk her out of getting married. Her now husband Perry Myers called the police when Julianna and her parents did not attend the pre-wedding dinner.
229,He tells VOA reporter Peter Clottey that President Kufuor is concerned about the tensions in Kenya.
230,The Steel City Diner printed 100 shirts celebrating the convention only to run out on Friday afternoon
231,Cancer survivors who were a mean age of 4.6 years when first diagnosed often had more physical visual and hearing disability impairments as complications of treatment but they did not have a higher rate of grade repetition.
232,g leader Ralph Klein leaves office later this month.
233,square with 30 cameras." Several members of the Bush family have received considerable press coverage for perceived or abusive use of alcohol and other substances including George W. Bush's DUI Jenna and Barbara Bush's underage drinking and Jebby's sister Noelle arrest for forging a Xanax prescription.
234,Google has not complied with the request prompting US Attorney General Alberto Gonzales to request a court order from a federal judge in California.
235,Sweden has plans to open a virtual embassy in Second Life the virtual world home to thousands of netizens
236,Local president Ramzan Kadyrov son of former Chechen leader Akhmad Kadyrov who died in a bomb blast in 2004 in Grozny is satisfied with the situation
237,Justice Dennis O'Connor's report released yesterday reveals that the RCMP erroneously told the United States that Arar was linked to Al Qaeda and wrongly described him as an "Islamic extremist individual
238,NSW Premier Morris Iemma announced in December 2005 that he wished to sell the state's share in Snowy Hydro that caused the federal and Victorian governments to follow
239,Krasnov told reporters last week that the new spaceship should also be capable of delivering a crew of four to lunar orbit. "We want the new ship to be a step into the future not just a scaled up version of the Soyuz" he said
240,Gannon/Guckert was a reporter for the news service Talon News a website believed by some to be a branch of the GOPUSA up until his recent resignation due to the incidents surrounding him.
241,On October 14 2008 Canadians will be heading to the polls for the federal election
242,On Sunday Memoirs: 1939-1993 a memoir written by former Prime Minister of Canada Brian Mulroney will be released.
243,Shandong has reported five children dead from HFMD and 3280 cases to deal with
244,Girija Prasad Koirala and Prachanda leader of the Maoist rebel faction that had been fighting for political change.
245,he paintings were Pablo Picasso's "The Painter and the Model" and "Minotaur Drinker and Women" both insured at $4200 and two paintings by Emiliano Di Cavalcanti "Women at the Window" insured at $500000 and "Couple
246,Jaslene Gonzalez is not your typical model. She rose to fame after winning Cycle 8 of America's Next Top Model and since then has been aggressively tapping into the fashion industry
247,According to Reporters Without Borders (RWB or Reporters Sans Frontières) a Paris-based international non-governmental organization that advocates freedom of the press the sentence imposed was "a serious violation of free expression
248,Clarence Ray Allen convicted of ordering a hit in 1980 that resulted in the deaths of the target and two bystanders was executed just after his 76th birthday making him the second-oldest man in U.S. history to be executed.
249,Contrary to Steven Harper's plan to put Canada's newly created Civil Marriage Bill back on the floor of the House of Commons for a free vote
250,I am married to Gerald Posner the author
251,Wolfson's entire career has been at the center of the most explosive legal and cultural issues of the last 30 years in the United States and his influence has been profound.
252,Talks about a sale started in March 2007 when Singapore Airlines and China Eastern started negotiations about a possible deal
253,Contrat de Première Embauche CPE) on Saturday in Paris one of the demonstrators was perilously injured in the head
254,Robin Williams recently suffered a heart surgery that fortunately for the wonderful actor was a success
255,Wikipedia to give the Chinese point of view for the entire world to see
256,Alexei Krasnov the chief of manned space programs for the Russian space agency said last week that the prospective Russian spacecraft is set to make its maiden flight before 2020 without elaborating
257,Scott David Dover 45 a father of two young boys in Cedar City Utah was arrested on Thursday and charges against the father could be filed today.
258,The Chesapeake Bay Foundation a not-for-profit organization had praise for Maryland Governor Robert Ehrlich and the state's Department of Natural Resources
259,According to the US Geological Survey the magnitude 8.0 quake struck Sunday April 1 2007 at 20:39:56 (UTC) about 45 km (25 mi) south-southeast of Gizo New Georgia Islands Solomon Islands at a depth of 10 km.
260,The program includes Climb Up the 50 Climb Up the World and Climb Up Kilimanjaro. Climb Up the 50 is based in the United States with participants climbing or hiking up the highest point in their state sometime during May 23-31. Other teams of people will join them to climb the highest peak in their state.
261,Emmy Award winning American actress Estelle Getty has died at the age of 84. Getty had been previously diagnosed with dementia which had been in its advanced stages.
262,Baines' father a black born in 1863 two years before the end of the U.S. Civil War was likely a slave Young said. Baines has outlived her entire family
263,Supermodel Naomi Campbells billionaire Russian boyfriend Vladislav Doronin is married it has emerged.
264,"I feel very sorry for what had happened. I want to apologise to victims' family members" said Mr Setsawat the club's owner
265,Guiding Light actor Michael Tylo where she was really going. She told him that she was just going on "a lot of auditions" and that if she told sooner than she did the news might slip out accidentally
266,In October 2005 the Norwegian researcher Jon Sudbø along with 13 co-authors published the study in the prestigious medical journal The Lancet.
267,Raymond Arndt a 32 year-old reservist from Peers Alberta was killed in a traffic accident August 5th when the G-Wagon he was travelling collided head-on with a civilian truck 35 kilometres southeast of Kandahar.
268,Andry Rajoelina who ousted Madagascan ex-president President Marc Ravalomanana earlier this week officially became the leader of the country after being sworn in on Saturday.
269,These are the latest in a series of eruptions from Mount Redoubt which started on March 22.
270,In the latest attempt to evict Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra ahead of next week's election tens of thousands of protesters have rallied in Bangkok Thailand. Officials say as many as 10000 police have been mobilised for the protest against the Thai PM.
271,The driver of the truck Raymond Leblanc 54 of Harrow Ontario was treated at Pocono Medical Center in East Stroudsburg for minor injuries and released Saturday.
272,The problem affects all the Debian-based distributions that were used to create cryptographic keys since the September 17 2006. The bug was discovered by Luciano Bello an argentine Debian package maintainer and was announced on May 13 2008.
273,The MeK which formerly operated under Saddam Hussein's protection in Iraq has claimed bombings in the past but vehemently denies participating in the recent spate of attacks
274,Maori Party co-leader Doctor Pita Sharples has said that gangs are again starting to imping on on society like in the 1970s.
275,Paris Hilton is out of jail after serving three weeks in the same.
276,Brawn-Mercedes driver Jenson Button wins FIA Formula One 2009 Petronas Malaysian Grand Prix at Sepang International Circuit Sepang Selangor Malaysia.
277,The Russian space agency has ordered design work to start for a next-generation spaceship capable of flying missions to the moon setting the ground for a potential new space race with the United States
278,Destructive winds are expected to commence along the coast between Ingham and Port Douglas. Gales are already being experienced along the exposed coast in the warning area.
279,Stock markets around the world particularly those in the United Kingdom have increased dramatically today.
280,Bush administration officials gave legal cover for torture at Guantanamo Bay. Baltasar Garzón a Spanish judge with an international reputation for bringing cases against high-profile alleged human rights violators sent the case to the prosecutor's office to review whether it has any merit. Among the officials identified in the potential case is former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales.
341,Over 1600 volunteers registered to help build approximately 65000 of the 500000 sandbags to create dikes 20.5 feet (6.2 meters) high to protect the City of Winnipeg Manitoba in the war against the Red River of the North flood
342,The National Basketball Association (NBA) has released the rosters for the 2007 NBA All-Star Game
343,The Heisman Trophy winner is the favorite to be the top pick in the draft in which case he would play for the Houston Texans.
344,Emma McAleese the eldest child of Mary McAleese and her husband Martin has become engaged to her boyfriend of five years Michael O'Connel
345,In Los Angeles California singer and actress Britney Spears 24 has filled papers in Los Angeles County Superior Court to divorce her husband Kevin Federline 28.
346,November 19 2004 RIO DE JANEIRO Juan Carlos Concero aged 34 a Spanish tourist was shot in the head during an assault in Rio de Janeiro toda
347,34 year-old market stall trader Alix McAlister who witnessed the objects said that "I just picked up my son from nursery in Bredgar Road. I had just come out of the door when I noticed what was going on in the sky.
348,The alleged mastermind behind the London bombings was reported captured in Cairo Egypt last week
349,hey stated that their price of US$4 helps to ease the economic pinch. In a statement to Wikinews Quiznos stated that their commercials are within the company's character and they were designed to get people talking.
350,He said that the government was buying bad loans "to restore confidence in our markets and our financial institutions so they can fuel continued growth and prosperity we must address the underlying problem."
351,Melinda Duckett the mother of an infant son Trenton Duckett reported him missing on August 27 and fatally shot herself in her grandparents' retirement home on September 8. S
352,On Monday a FedEx McDonnell Douglas MD-11 cargo jet flying from Guangzhou China to Tokyo Japan crash-landed at Tokyo's Narita International Airport at around 7 a.m. local time.
353,The government of Peru declared a state of emergency in the vicinity of the Ubinas volcano on Saturday as it began to spew out ash and smoke over a 6km area indicating a possible eruption in the near future.
354,Actor Bob Denver best known for his roles as "Gilligan" on Gilligan's Island (1964-1967) and "Maynard G. Krebs" on The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis (1959-1963) died Friday at the age of 70. Denver gained popularity on Dobie Gillis playing the title character's best friend a beatnik.
355,Aboudihaj's family lawsuit accuses Noorwood known as Brandy of "reckless driving". Brandy in a Land Rover SUV on December 30 2006 bumped into the Toyota which had Awatef Aboudihaj in it. The Toyota slammed into another vehicle and slid on the freeway's center divider.
356,The Wiz is not really running for President
357,I spoke with the person Bowery Poetry Club founder Bob Holman called the "Rock n' Roll Poet Laureate" recently in Washington Square Park.
358,Australian treasurer Peter Costello (Higgins Liberal) told parliament on Tuesday that the greatest threat to Australia's economy would be for opposition leader Kim Beazley (Brand Labor) to gain office.
359,Kanato was freed unharmed. The Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department arrested three men on suspicion of conspiring to kidnap a woman and hold
360,Kramer a Catholic Republican Judge appointed by Pete Wilson California's previous conservative governor issued a "stay" on his order making it a tentative decision by delaying its implementation for 60 days to allow the same-sex marriage opponents time to file an appeal to his ruling.
561,Materazzi insult was, i prefer the whore that is your sister
562,We should have an American tanker built by an American company with American workers
563,Despite denying the claims all three lost most of their major endorsements and Jade and Danielle's partners are said to have left them
564,With $10.4 billion being spent on 'strengthening the economy' this is highly targeted $14 million will assist in skills development and employment pathways for many volunteers involved in local stations as well as strengthening local communities ability to sustain themselves in tough times
565,The authorities are cautious to release any information concerning the case as this could jeopardize both the investigations and Ms. Souza's life
566,Mr. P V Narasimha Rao former prime minister of India passed away this morning after suffering cardiac arrest in a private hospital in New Delhi
567,He has had no further seizures remains in good overall condition and is up and walking around the hospital
568,Researchers call the extinct tree a Wattieza and this particular tree stood over 30 feet tall and used spores to reproduce rather than seeds
569,The Associated Press photographer was also roughed up by the guard Sunil Singh who works for Tops Securities
570,Two court filings in response to a lawsuit brought by Nebraska State Senator Ernie Chambers were filed on behalf of God according to John Friend clerk of the Douglas County District Court in Omaha Nebraska
571,The Russian company Atomstroiexport said that the shipments began on Sunday
572,U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Foreign Affairs Minister Peter MacKay made a visit to MacKay's Nova Scotia riding Pictou Nova Scotia yesterday
573,And for that to be done with justice we believe that the rich and the most polluting countries should pay the vast share of the money to make possible for those countries most vulnerable and least responsible for causing the problem to cope with the new realities they have to deal with
574,It is believed that Wikipedia contributors were kept busy tidying up and removing prank articles and changes made by other Wikipedia contributors and were expecting to be cleaning up the aftermath for days afterwards
575,A Russian journalist Anna Politkovskaya who received wide acclaim and prominence for her critical coverage of the Chechen war and opposition to the Putin administration was found shot dead at her apartment building in Moscow today
576,The effort by PETA to compare the deliberate systematic murder of millions of Jews to the issue of animal rights is abhorrent." (Newkirk later issued an apology for any hurt it caused)
577,These attacks have reached today an unprecedented level resulting in the killing of 11 Burundian soldiers while 15 others have sustained serious injuries" the African Union said in a statement
578,The aircraft which was a twin-engine Embraer turboprop chartered by Manaus Aerotaxis was carrying 26 passengers and two crew members
579,The 18ft (5m) northern bottle-nosed whale was first spotted in the river on Friday and rescuers began an attempt to save it on Saturday morning
580,A drop in pipeline pressure indicating abnormal conditions or a possible compromise in pipeline integrity set off alarms displayed on the computerized pipeline monitoring system
441,Disneyland Resort which also features two luxurious hotels and a recreational lake with stunning views
442,Three inmates hung themselves with nooses made from their bedsheets at the U.S. base in Guantanamo Bay Cuba.
443,The vegetarian non-smoking teetotal farmer had only visited a hospital once in her life
444,Prince Harry was ordered to return home due to fears for his and the others in his unit's safety.
445,Both men had been shot once through the head according to Charles Zewe a spokesperson for the EWU system.
446,Pupils who are given detention at a Christchurch New Zealand high school are being forced to wear orange overalls
447,Lucky Dube was one of the most prominent reggae artists of all times
448,Chirac was admitted on Friday to a military hospital
449,Jump5 were heard in The Lizzie McGuire Movie Sleepover Spy Kids Ella Enchanted Ice Princess and Brother Bear
450,A Vatican City official has referred to abortion and euthanasia as "terrorism with a human face
451,It is not yet known which of the two Siberian tigers was involved in the attacks
452,The only possible and reasonable way out of this situation is the withdrawal of Georgian troops to their initial positions
453,defendant Deanna Large plead not guilty Wednesday to charges of involuntary manslaughter
454,an 18-year-old teenager was arrested for writing her nickname "2shie" on a wall in a café near Hyde Park Sydney Australia
455,Al-Bashir spoke calling the charges worthless
456,Ernesto now a tropical storm made landfall along the coastline of the state of North Carolina
457,Council rejected development plans for a 24 hour store at Minyama in December
458,she personally did not support a change to the start of daylight saving in March. However the main reason that the start was altered was to avoid clashes with the fourth school term.
459,This is not the first time a country has moved to block YouTube
460,Nepalese authorities have added their own charges of illegal organ transplants in on top of the foreign currency possession charges could delay proceedings
