541,said primary investigator for Phoenix's stereo imager Mark
542,Blair into the Catholic Church ... For a long time he has been a regular worshipper at Mass with his family and in recent months
543,railway accident in the Ukraine last Monday is becoming more and more cryptic.
544,Winter Carnival in Saint Paul Minnesota suffered a brief thaw on Monday with Monday's 41°F afternoon temperature plummeting below zero twenty four hours late
545,United States Secretary of Labor. Solis reported for her first day as the new Secretary after having been confirmed by the Senate by a vote of 80-17 on February 24.
546,Augusto Pinochet 91 has suffered a heart attack early this morning. His son Marco Antonio declared that his father had received his last rites from a Catholic priest and that "he is in the hands of God and the doctors
547,Jessica Sierra Hardcore. The tape shows her having sex with a man thought to be Sierra's boyfriend. Steven Hirsch co-chairman
548,Social Security benefits which currently equal 42 percent of the earnings of an average worker retiring at age 65 would be reduced to 20%
549,detainees in Villawood remain on voluntary starvation" an immigration department spokesman said. "Two Villawood detainees have
550,five women within the United Kingdom have been found in or around the county of Suffolk in the east of England
551,Mr Lu has told the Guardian that he was battered unconscious and later driven hundreds of miles to his home town where he is now recuperating
552,man has been arrested and charged with "public order offenses
553,neurofibromatosis victim Pascal Coler of France ended after having received what his doctors call the worlds first successful full face transplant.
554,Castro's help on January 21. Castro responded with surprising speed and effectiveness. On January 21 Castro sent the chancellor
555,O.J. Simpson was sentenced to prison for 15 years yesterday morning on charges of kidnapping and armed robbery of two sports memorabilia dealers at a hotel in Las Vegas Nevada.
556,Djibouti and Eritrea have spoken to the United Nations security council on Thursday to discuss a border dispute.
557,Greenpeace has called on the Australian government to prevent the ship from refuelling.
558,Windows 7 users will have the ability to remove Internet Explorer and other select Microsoft programs
559,Yelenic is expected to testify that Foley was home with her when the alleged murder occurred.
560,Lille players nearly walked off the pitch at the time but they
361,Brazilian Ministry of Education (MEC) has come to an agreement with the Cuban government to allow medical students who studied in Cuba to go through a less rigorous examination
362,It is a system that was designed to last five years according to Preston Burch associate director and program manager for the Hubble Space Telescope
363,Professor Michael Bode from Liverpool
364,Trains trams cars and buses ground to a halt on Monday after a shoot-out between 18:00 CET and 19:00 CET in the historical city of Basel in Switzerland
365,The Senator and former diplomat Arthur Virgílio(PSDB) sent a letter to Minister Celso Amorim
366,A Casa-212 aircraft owned by the Indonesian air force disappeared while on a flight from the capital Jakarta to Bogor in West Java Friday morning
367,Lhadon Tethong Executive Director of Students for a Free Tibet made a statement
368,Lori Mitchell whose daughter dropped out of high school at 16 to raise a child said there are worse things than being a teenage mother
369,When Stronach was with the Conservatives she dated fellow MP Peter MacKay. In an interview in the Toronto Star on January 8 2005 Stronach confirmed that she and MacKay were dating
370,Datuk Seri Najib Tun Razak and Information Minister
371,Chris Lee an Republican politician from Corning New York representing the 26th Congressional District of New York
372,Mr. Hakeem 58 left the North-West Frontier Province (NWFP) at the age of 25 and became a naturalized citizen of the U.S
373,Prof. Sali Tagliamonte a professor of linguistics at the University of Toronto said parents and teachers shouldn't be concerned that this new medium is corrupting young people's grammar
374,The South African government has set a six-month deadline for some white farmers to agree on sale prices for their farms. The government will be requiring them to sell the farms as part of its land redistribution programme. Agriculture and Land Affairs Minister Lulu Xingwana said that if no agreement is reached in 6 months
375,Morningside Elementary School teacher Wendy Portillo held a vote in her kindergarten classroom
376,Professor Reiss who was director of education at the Royal Society
377,Lady Chatterley's Lover by D.H. Lawrence
378,Track Star Marion Jones winner of 3 gold medals in the 2000 Sydney Olympics
379,Our people had to fill their nostrils with Vick's VapoRub and wear masks
380,Jacobson is a native of Mount Prospect
341,The height of the river is expected to be Thursday and predictions are that it will be less than Flood of the Century of 1997.
342,The 56th All-Star Game is scheduled to take place on Sunday February 18 at the Thomas Mack Center in Las Vegas Nevada.
343,The Heisman Trophy winner is the favorite to be the top pick in the draft in which case he would play for the Houston Texans.
344,WEDDING bells are set to ring in Aras an Uachtarain after it emerged that the President's eldest daughter is to tie the knot. Emma McAleese
345,In Los Angeles California singer and actress Britney Spears 24 has filled papers in Los Angeles County Superior Court to divorce her husband Kevin Federline 28.
346,RIO DE JANEIRO Juan Carlos Concero aged 34 a Spanish tourist was shot in the head during an assault in Rio de Janeiro today. He was carried to Souza Aguiar Hospital
347,34 year-old market stall trader Alix McAlister who witnessed the objects said that "I just picked up my son from nursery in Bredgar Road.
348,The alleged mastermind behind the London bombings was reported captured in Cairo Egypt last week.
349,Quiznos published a press release on March 24 announcing the new line of sandwiches. They stated that their price of US$4 helps to ease the economic pinch.
350,He said that the government was buying bad loans "to restore confidence in our markets and our financial institutions
351,Melinda Duckett the mother of an infant son Trenton Duckett reported him missing on August 27 and fatally shot herself in her grandparents' retirement home on September 8.
352,On Monday a FedEx McDonnell Douglas MD-11 cargo jet flying from Guangzhou China to Tokyo Japan crash-landed at Tokyo's Narita International Airport at around 7 a.m.
353,The government of Peru declared a state of emergency in the vicinity of the Ubinas volcano on Saturday
354,Actor Bob Denver best known for his roles as "Gilligan" on Gilligan's Island (1964-1967)
355,Aboudihaj's family lawsuit accuses Noorwood known as Brandy of "reckless driving". Brandy in a Land Rover SUV on December 30 2006
356,The Wiz is not really running for President. But he is one of the top-rated Presidential candidates on U4Prez.com
357,I spoke with the person Bowery Poetry Club founder Bob Holman called the "Rock n' Roll Poet Laureate" recently in Washington Square Park.
358,Australian treasurer Peter Costello (Higgins Liberal) told parliament on Tuesday that the greatest threat to Australia's economy would be for opposition leader Kim Beazley (Brand Labor) to gain office.
359,Kanato was freed unharmed. The Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department arrested three men on suspicion of conspiring to kidnap a woman and hold her to a reported 300 million yen ransom.
360,Kramer a Catholic Republican Judge appointed by Pete Wilson California's previous conservative governor issued a "stay" on his order making it a tentative decision by delaying its implementation for 60 days to allow the same-sex marriage opponents time to file an appeal to his ruling.
201,Former Ontario premier Bob Rae received a boost today in his bid to win the leadership of the federal Liberal Party of Canada when rival candidate Maurizio Bevilacqua announced he was dropping out of the race in order to back Rae.
202,he Social Democrat Alliance and Left-Green Movement formed an interim government under Johanna Sigurdardottir.
203,"The airplane made an emergency landing. None of the 69 people on board were hurt
204,The Ycuá Bolaños supermarket fire in Asunción left 374 dead 450 others injured and nine missing presumed dead
205,"The water is frozen by the pressure but it's hot. It's a bit strange — we are used to water changing conditions because of temperature but in fact water can also be solidified by pressure.
206,The most recent case involves a deputy of the political party PTB (who supports the government of the Brazilian President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva) in a scandal of the services of post office
207,The explosion happened at about 9:45pm local time at the 'Rizk Plaza' shopping mall. It is understood from local media that a bomb was placed in the underground parking area below the complex although there has been no official confirmation from security services
208,false report to gardai at his store on June 13 2007 at the Dublin Circuit Criminal Court.
209,Rio de Janeiro on March 8
210,Emerald City was released July 24th.
211,We are talking seawater a couple of metres above the high-tide mark possibly more than that with waves on top so this is a very serious situation we are talking about
212,Stanton formerly named Stephen was allegedly fired from her job as Largo's city manager in 2007 when her sex-change operation became public knowledge
213,It is a huge iconic figure in movie history and those things don't come along very often
214,The company is planning to develop an extraction project and an upgrading facility. When the project is completed NAOSC expects it to produce over 200000 barrels of bitumen per day
215,Wikinews has learned that Bauer's Wikipedia article was deleted some time during the course of the proceedings along with the edit history of her article and its talk page as a "courtesy." During the investigation
216,Telstra has been lost in Southern New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory following damage to two optical fibre cables.
217,Allama Turabi had narrowly escaped an attempt on his life in April 2006 when a bomb was exploded just after his car crossed the area
218,The show has aired in over 100 countries including Australia New Zealand France Germany Italy and Turkey and reaches a worldwide audience of ten million daily
219,The deal strengthens its position in Poland in snacks sales such as potato chips. More than half of PepsiCo's total sales is from snacks less than 20% is from soft drinks.
220," In addition to his 44-point night Garnett helped his team by not turning the ball over at all during the game
181,Libération and Reporters without Borders suspect this attack was a deliberate act of intimidation decided by the Tunisian regime
182,"America's 11 Most Endangered Historic Places." Since 1988 the National Trust for Historic Preservation has announced an annual list of sites it aims to restore protect and preserve
183,believed to have ordered Rafik Hariri's killing Syria was forced out of Lebanon under local and international pressure a few months later.
184,From December 2005 through February 2009 only 12 cases of swine influenza were reported in the United States. In 1988 a pregnant woman died after contact with sick pigs. In 1976 swine flu at an U.S. military base at Fort Dix New Jersey killed one soldier
185,Representatives of 27 countries with a high incidence of multi-drug resistant TB
186,The former Liberal MP is survived by his wife the actress Jill Freud five children and 17 grandchildren
187,They are able to separate the salt from the water and use the fresh water to survive. These mangrove forest ecosystems trap and cycle organic matter chemicals and nutrients.
188,This is a chance to do something new and entertaining." Blagojevich first compared himself to Arnold Schwarzenegger whom he described as "my favorite governor
189,The country's child welfare minister had come out Thursday in support of the pop superstar's application to ado pt 3-year-old Chifundo "Mercy" James.
190,The Simpsons is one of the longest-running TV shows in history
191,Ernie Barnes whose drawings and paintings of athletes dancers and other figures in motion reflected his first career as a professional football player died on Monday in Los Angeles
192,Mr. Lieberman leads the hawkish party Yisrael Beiteinu an important partner in the governing coalition and the third largest party in Parliament.
193,for 27 years against Democrat Scott Murphy a 39-year-old businessman who has the backing of President Barack Obama and influential unions.
194,North Korea's state news agency says that leader Kim Jong Il observed the launch of the country's satellite
195,Dr Amjad Deeb Obaid has headed the F1 medical unit in Bahrain since 2007 with responsibility for a team of 150 medical professionals.
196,Monitors from the IAEA the U.N. nuclear watchdog left North Korea on Thursday after being ordered out by Pyongyang
197,(MNJ) have agreed to end hostilities according to reports.
198,Mr Tomlinson collapsed and died of a heart attack after walking to nearby
199,The tiny Swiss canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden has voted to prohibit the phenomenon of naked hiking.
200,He had already broken new ground in his White House campaign as the first black candidate to become the presidential choice of either major US party.
161,Almost 46 per cent of Indian children under the age of 3 suffer from malnutrition according to the survey by the Indian Health Ministry in conjunction with Unicef the United Nations children's agency. That compares with about 35 per cent in sub-Saharan Africa and only 8 per cent in China
162,A man who spent 27 years in jail for the murder of a barmaid in Southampton had his conviction quashed at the Court of Appeal today after DNA tests proved that he could not have been the killer. Sean Hodgson 57 was found guilty in 1982 of killing Teresa de Simone
163,the 550-seat double-decker A380 Airbus overtook the 747 as the largest passenger airliner in service
164,Mr Hodgson was found guilty in 1982 of killing Teresa De Simone
165,The lawmakers came to talk about improving U.S.-Cuba relations amid speculation that Washington is ready to loosen some facets of its 47-year-old trade embargo against the island
166,Tom Malinowski Washington director of Human Rights Watch
167,More than three months into a medical leave from Apple Inc. Chief Executive Steve Jobs remains closely involved in key aspects of running the company
168,As he campaigns for a third term Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg is counting on his reputation as a top-notch manager who tamed a once-unruly metropolis
169,Studies show the oceans are becoming increasingly acidic as they soak up manmade emissions of carbon dioxide
170,There is also expected spread of fatal tropical diseases as the world becomes warmer and warmer placing those living in temperate regions at higher risks
171,On April 14 1912 the cruise liner headed from England to New York struck the iceberg. It took only 2 hours 40 minutes for the 882-foot ship to be totally engulfed by the icy waters
172,Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger signed legislation Friday that will assist about 469000 longtime jobless Californians by year's end
173,confirmed human cases of the disease in Mexico United States and Canada
174,Russell Dunham who as an Army sergeant in World War II received the Medal of Honor
175,The March 9 2001 fight left Page in a coma for nearly a week
176,As Mel Gibson walked hand in hand with his new Russian girlfriend on the red carpet last night a few new grey hairs were the only sign that he is a man about to lose $US500 million. The Australian actor in the middle of what is expected to become one of the world's most expensive divorces
177,Casey Stoner led from start to finish to win the MotoGP season opener on Monday and complete a personal hat trick of victories in Qatar. The Ducati rider produced a near-perfect race
178,Armstrong churned through the Midwest pressure cooker first delivering the ball to Michael Jordan during a period when they won three N.B.A. titles together
179,Giampaolo Giuliani a technician who works on a neutrino experiment at the Gran Sasso National Laboratory in Italy
180,The Swiss Foreign Minister Micheline Calmy-Rey
121,Despite their lapdog looks Portuguese water dogs are classified as working dogs. That means the pups seem to enjoy being given jobs that allow them to display their intelligence strength and stamina.
122,Mr Petrini who founded Slow Food in 1986
123,Susan Boyle 47 wowed judges and audience alike when she performed on the television contest "Britain's Got Talent."
124,Authorities in Dubai said Sunday that they believed the murder of Sulim B. Yamadayev a former Chechen general had been planned by a member of Russia's lower house of Parliament who is a well-known ally of the Chechen president.
125,Mexico's new president Felipe Calderon seems to be doing all the right things in cracking down on Mexico's drug traffickers.
126,The company faces a deadline of April 30 to come up with a viable business plan supported by its creditors the United Automobile Workers union and Fiat the Italian car company that wants to acquire a stake in Chrysler.
127,Kathleen Sebelius — who would be the final member to join the Obama Cabinet as secretary of Health and Human Services — hit more snags on Thursday because of Republican opposition.
128,Prince Charles and his wife met today with the Pope Benedict XVI at the Vatican to talk about the environment. The prince's spokesperson at Clarence House told ABC News that the prince was scheduled to fly on a Royale Air Force jet for his European tour but the plane suddenly became "unserviceable" Friday the day before the trip was to start and he was .
129,Johanna Sigurdardottir on Sunday as not only the country's first female prime minister but also the world's first openly queer head of government. It is difficult to make a perfect comparison between Iceland's situation and our own; Iceland's population is less than a one-hundredth of ours and because of their parliamentary system Sigurdardottir was never popularly elected
130,A reward of $2m (£1.37m) each will be paid to informers who help arrest Mexico's 24 most-wanted drug gang chiefs the attorney general has said.
131,Ban Ki-moon the United Nations secretary general
132,In a chilling arrest affidavit Mr. Andrade said he thought he had "killed it" after striking Ms. Zapata in the head until she stopped breathing.
133,Yet to Justice Souter who told President Obama last week that he would retire from the Supreme Court in June and return to rural New Hampshire at the relatively young age of 69 this is apparently heaven.
134,With one of the world's largest Catholic populations estimated at 158 million Africa is the continent where the church is at once strong in terms of sheer numbers and devotional vitality and weak inevitably touched by the poverty corruption conflict and disease afflicting the larger society.
135,the diminishing level of glamour on Paris Hilton's reality TV show. Contestants in season two of "Paris Hilton's My New BFF" are living in a mansion that costs half as much as the home the show rented last season.
136,First runner-up Carrie Prejean (Miss California) was asked about legalizing same-sex marriage from judge Perez Hilton the Internet blogger behind perezhilton.com. "I believe that a marriage should be between a man and a woman.
137,Hours after the North's announcement the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said its inspectors had been ordered out. North Korea "informed IAEA inspectors in the Yongbyon facility that it is immediately ceasing all cooperation with the IAEA" Marc Vidricaire spokesman for the UN nuclear watchdog told reporters.
138,The Pirate Bay is coming to an end with the four defendents saying they're "confident we are going to win". Co-founder Peter Sunde is on trial with three co-defendents charged with "assisting in making available copyright material.
139,Panetta says if more prisoners are taken they will be interrogated by agency employees and handed over quickly to their home country or a country with a legal claim.
140,New York City's Tompkins Square Park was the site of immigrant unemployment protests and labor conflict in the late 1800s . Now it's going to be the host of the Unemployment Olympics . The brainchild of laid-off computer programmer Nick Goddard the event will take place on Tuesday afternoon and feature unemployed "athletes" participating in events
41,after Indira's assassination
42,On Sunday evening August 20 1911 Leonardo da Vinci's best-known painting was hanging in her usual place on the wall of the Salon Carré between Correggio's Mystical Marriage and Titian's Allegory of Alfonso d'Avalos
43,The Vatican said Dolan would succeed Cardinal Edward Egan 76 who is retiring as archbishop after nearly nine years.
44,State media said lawmakers re-elected Kim chairman of the powerful National Defense Commission at the opening session of the new parliament an appointment that under the constitution makes him the nation's top leader.
45,The Pope courted further controversy on his first trip to Africa today by declaring that condoms were not a solution to the Aids epidemic but were instead part of the problem
46,However on Wednesday the well-connected Dhamala whose contacts included Maoist Prime Minister Pushpa Kamal Dahal Prachanda deputy premier and home minister Bam Dev Gautam and other ministers industrialists politicians and foreign envoys hit the headlines for a different reason.
47,China yesterday threw down a challenge to America's 50-year dominance of the global economy as it proposed replacing the dollar as the world's main reserve currency with a new global system under the control of the International Monetary Fund.
48,And with good reason: Uncle Tarek was born Aribert Ferdinand Heim a member of Hitler's elite Waffen-SS and a medical doctor at the Buchenwald
49,The earthquake happened at 0332 (0132 GMT) hours after a 4.6-magnitude tremor shook the area but caused no reported damage. Thousands of the city's 70000 residents ran into the streets in panic during the 30 second tremor.
50,Lake Kivu a deep water lake located on the border of Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
51,Several hundred anti-war demonstrators are marching to a rally in Trafalgar Square from the US Embassy in central London.
52,Kirby is being held on suspicion of felony drunk driving and driving under the influence.
53,MADAGASCAR'S constitutional court declared Andry Rajoelina as the new president of the vast Indian Ocean island today a day after his arch rival was swept from office by the army.
54,Josh Schwartz creator of the hit series Chuck Gossip Girl
55,While the protesters seemed to be reacting to a tragedy that had left at least 164 people dead
56,She now has four of the octuplets at home along with her six other children.
57,Metsamor which currently produces about 40 percent of the country's electricity is located in a seismically active zone and was closed even before the 1991 collapse of the Soviet Union because of the devastating Dec. 7 1988 earthquake in Spitak.
58,An anti-corruption activist was murdered in a knife attack in Burundi on Thursday police in the central African nation said on Thursday. Ernest Manirumva who suffered stab wounds to the head was the deputy chairman of a Burundi corruption watchdog known as OLUCOME.
59,At least 100 homes were believed burned down in Midwest City Oklahoma a suburb of Oklahoma City.
60,Apple shrugged off the economic downturn to report a 15% jump in profits for the first three months of the year. Sales of its iPhone more than doubled from the same quarter one year ago while iPod sales also grew.
561,Italy and Inter Milan defender Marco Materazzi revealed the slur he said to Zinedine Zidane at last year's FIFA World Cup in Germany
562,Kansas senator Sam Brownback
563,Celebrity Big Brother following confrontations with fellow housemates Jade Goody
564,The CBBA is calling on the Federal Government
565,Robinho is considered one of the best Brazilian forward players at the present time and he is an important player for Santos. The authorities are cautious to release any information concerning the case as this could jeopardize both the investigations and Ms. Souza's life.
566,Mr. P V Narasimha Rao former prime minister of India passed away this morning after suffering cardiac arrest
567,Senator Kennedy to determine the cause of his seizure. He has had no further seizures remains in good overall condition and is up and walking around the hospital.
568,Two fossilized trees with their roots trunks and heads still attached and are said to be over 380 million years old have been found in the state of New York inside a rock quarry near Gilboa New York in the USA
569,A private security guard attached to Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie pulled out his revolver to threaten a lensman in Pune India
570,Two court filings in response to a lawsuit brought by Nebraska State Senator Ernie Chambers were filed on behalf of God
571,Russia has made delivery of its first shipment of nuclear fuel to Iran's Bushehr facility
572,U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Foreign Affairs Minister Peter MacKay made a visit to MacKay's Nova Scotia
573,Oxfam has estimated that for all developing countries to adapt to climate change will cost at least $50 billion a year
574,Wikipedia the free encyclopedia that anyone with access to the Internet can edit
575,Anna Politkovskaya who received wide acclaim and prominence for her critical coverage of the Chechen war and opposition to the Putin administration was found shot dead
576,Co-founder Pacheco who is no longer with PETA called them "stupid human tricks."
577,On Sunday suicide bombers killed 11 African Union (AU) peacekeepers in Somalia
578,Twenty-four people among them seven children were killed on Sunday after their airplane crashed in a river in Brazil.
579,A whale that became stranded in the River Thames has died
580,The incident reached the scale that it did due to operator error after the initial rupture. The 8 5/8-inch diameter steel pipeline which was operated by Enterprise Products Operating L.P. burst at 11:15 a.m. in an agricultural area about 6 miles east of Kingman Kansas.
1,defending world champion Valentino Rossi
2,The cap for a "roaming" text will fall to 11 euro cents (10p; 14 US cents) from about 29 cents on average today
3,However Mr Johnson said it was likely there would still be more cases and there was the possibility of a second wave in the autumn or winter.
4,Brian and Tina Johnson were bludgeoned to death with a hammer on Fuerteventura in the Canary Islands in July 2006. Juan Carmelo Santana told the jury at Las Palmas criminal court that he blamed the drink and drugs he had taken for the attacks.
5,The lawsuit says the truckers' Fifth and Fourteenth amendment rights are being violated
6,Dona Porcela is a respected traditional healer
7,Sun's closing share price on Tuesday of $4.97 per share
8,Juventus coach Claudio Ranieri
9,Yet its child malnourishment levels are worse than Ethiopia's and on a par with those of Eritrea and Burkina Faso.
10,A teenager who bashed a tourist to death with a baseball bat
11,U.S. billionaire tourist Charles Simonyi
12,Russell Dunham a World War II Army veteran who received the Medal of Honor the military's highest decoration for valor after he assaulted three German machine gun emplacements killed nine German soldiers and took two prisoners on a snowy morning in 1945 died Monday at his home in Godfrey Ill.
13,Honolulu Mayor Mufi Hannemann
14,Three major bombings in less than a week will be causing some anxiety among political leaders in Baghdad and Washington. Last Thursday 10 people were killed by a car bomb at a crowded cattle market in Babel province south of Baghdad. On Sunday more than 30 died
15,Groening has come out in defense of the plot saying "Cartoons deal in stereotypes. We try to be sensitive." It is not the first time the show has been mired in controversy with Simpsons
16,Cardinal Edward M. Egan returned to the pulpit of St. Patrick's Cathedral on Thursday to participate in Holy Week services for the last time as archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York
17,Access to YouTube was also blocked in 2007 and 2008
18,Ken Lewis has now become the lightning rod of controversy and that is highly distracting" said Jeffrey A. Sonnenfeld a professor at the Yale School of Management who believes Mr. Lewis should resign.
19,refusing permission for scores of survivors and the families of victims to appear before it
20,Ian Tomlinson 47 died last Wednesday after encountering riot police near the Bank of England as he returned home from his work as a newsagent.
21,Harry Houdini performed at the Hippodrome at 1120 Avenue of the Americas near 44th Street. Many of the best and most famous performers of the time appeared there.
22,The Grapes of Wrath published exactly 70 years ago can be seen as a prophetic novel rooted in the tragedies of the Great Depression but speaking directly to the harsh realities of 2009 writes Steinbeck scholar Robert DeMott. Steinbeck's epic novel
23,In general the malaria parasite does better at warmer temperatures which is why the disease occurs most often in tropical environments.
24,To others he is a pariah whose very identity makes him too tainted to share a pew or theological discussion. One person looks at him and sees the future of the church; another its demise.
25,At least 14 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in southern Sri Lanka police say. The telecoms minister was among about 35 people injured in the blast at the town of Akuressa
26,The U.S. holds about 240 men at the U.S. base in Cuba most on suspicion of terrorism or links to al-Qaida and the Taliban.
27,Papua became part of Indonesia in 1969
28,The documents appear to prove that Gen Bosco Ntaganda is taking an active part in the mission's chain of command
29,Libyan leader Colonel Gaddafi.
30,A man has hijacked a passenger plane in the Jamaican resort of Montego Bay and is still holding five crew members hostage reports say.
31,The Wildlife Conservation Society which manages the city's zoos and the New York Aquarium in Coney Island
32,In ancient China eunuchs were trusted to serve the imperial family inside the palace grounds
33,Pablo Neruda a Chilean poet
34,Speaking after he discovered that he would not face criminal charges Mr Green disclosed
35,The organisation which is fighting for an independent Basque country in north-west Spain and south-west France has killed more than 800 people since 1968
36,United States is working to dissuade North Korea from going ahead with its plan to launch a satellite next month. U.S. officials say the launch is a disguised long-range missile test
37,At least 100 people are now suspected to have died of the disease in Mexico
38,It formed over the Bahamas on August 23 2005
39,While no one accuses Madonna of doing anything illegal
40,North Korea's rubber-stamp parliament has re-elected Kim Jong-il as chairman of the National Defence Commission the country's most powerful position
101,McDonald's has announced slightly higher profits in the first three months of the year as people look for value meals during the recession.
102,Phil Spector showed no reaction as the verdict was announced. Now 69 he faces a sentence of 18 years to life in prison when he is sentenced May 29.
103,However 35-year-old Cannavaro will not be granted the opportunity to end his career with his home club Napoli.
104,Arena had won every presidential election since the end of El Salvador's civil war 18 years ago. Addressing jubilant supporters Mr Funes said it was the happiest day of his life and the beginning of a new chapter of peace for the country.
105,Dr. McCarty said that for a half year from late 1911 to April 1912 when the Titanic set sail the company's board discussed the problem at every meeting.
106,A SCUBA diver has died during a visit to a historic ship sunk off the Port Phillip Bay heads. The Geelong man 49 was with a group of six on a diving expedition to explore the SS Coogee shipwreck when he collapsed.
107,The fishermen are protesting catch quotas they call too low for them to earn a living. They say they plan to continue blocking the northern French ports indefinitely.
108,Alistair Darling will not raise the amount of cash he wants from the new 50p income tax rate because high earners will find ways to avoid paying it experts say.
109,Starbucks Corp Wednesday posted slightly better-than-expected quarterly profit as cost savings helped offset an 8% drop in same-store sales.
110,The pilot of an Indonesian plane that crashed at an airport on Java island killing 21 people has been jailed for two years for criminal negligence.
111,the Chacaltaya ski area in Bolivia stood at 5300m (17388ft) on a glacier. Skiing was established at Chacaltaya 70 years ago with Lake Titicaca on the horizon and about 14 years ago could boast a ski run 12m (40ft) deep in snow.
112,Savana Redding then an eighth-grader and now 19 was so humiliated she never went back to the school. Her mother sued the school district and the administrator involved.
113,Icelandic Prime Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir said that as part of the coalition agreement her centre-left Social Democratic Alliance had signed with the far-left Left Green Movement the current caretaker government would not apply for membership of the EU.
114,Starbucks was one of the first companies to recognize the United States was in a recession when it halted its expansion plans last July.
115,Mr Giuliani local authorities reported him to police for "spreading alarm" and he was told to remove his findings from the internet.
116,The former computer programmer has been without a job for less than two months and says the idea for the four-event competition — Telephone toss Payday piñata Pin-the-Blame-on-the-Boss and the "You're Fired!" race — just popped into his head one night.
117,the National Cancer Institute stands to receive $1.3 billion in stimulus package funds.
118,Prosecutors accused Mr. Meinl of artificially bolstering shares of the real estate company Meinl European Land on the Vienna stock exchange even as its investments in real estate across Eastern and Central Europe cratered.
119,The telecoms minister was among about 35 people injured in the blast at the town of Akuressa 160km (100 miles) south of the capital Colombo.
120,The puzzlement comes from video players who don't work at NBC Fox or Hulu and who can't see the upside in Disney CEO Bob Iger throwing in his lot with Hulu
141,For one day the village of  Gordonville  (population: a couple of hundred) became maybe the biggest town in Pennsylvania's Amish country.
142,Onna has become a symbol of the destruction wrought by the April 6 earthquake that killed 296 people in the central Abruzzo region. About 40 of Onna's 300 residents died. Mr. Berlusconi said on Saturday that Italians should remember with respect the partisans who fought Fascism but also those who died fighting on "the wrong side."
143,India has higher rates of malnourished children than sub-Saharan Africa despite having the money to tackle the problem according to a survey that raises grave questions about the country's economic rise Almost 46 per cent of Indian children under the age of 3 suffer from malnutrition according to the survey by the Indian Health Ministry in conjunction with Unicef the United Nations children's agency.
144,Richard Falk an American Jew and a leading authority on International law called the situation a "prelude to genocide".
145,If 20 multiple sclerosis patients were in a room all would exhibit different symptoms she says. Nationwide that number is 400000. Although it is still in the basic research stage stem cell therapy shows promise says Caesar.
146,A Northern Ireland teenager has been charged with the murder of PSNI constable Stephen Carroll earlier this month.
147,United States According to NASA's Near Earth Object Program 2004 MN4's assessed risk has been corrected downward to zero on the Torino scale.
148,Paraguay's president was hit with another paternity claim Monday just a week after the former Roman Catholic bishop acknowledged fathering a different illegitimate child while still subject to his vows of chastity. Lugo 57 did not confirm nor deny fathering the 6-year-old boy but read a brief statement promising to "act always in line with the truth and subject myself to all the requirements presented by the justice system."
149,Falun Gong and persecution of Falun Gong members" Chang Ching-hsi head of the Taiwan branch of Falun Gong said.
150,GlaxoSmithKline is nearing a deal to acquire Stiefel Laboratories a large maker of dermatology products for as much as $3 billion people with knowledge of the talks said Sunday.
151,SUVA Fiji President President Ratu Josefa Iloilo repealed the country's constitution on Friday appointed himself head of state and set a 2014 election deadline.
152,a megamouth shark one of the rarest fishes in the world with only 40 others recorded to have been encountered the World Wildlife Fund said Tuesday.
153,China has rejected Coca-Cola's planned $2.4 billion acquisition of top juice maker Huiyuan Juice saying the deal would have been bad for competition.
154,The US began imposing restrictions on Cuba after Mr Castro took power in 1959 making it the only Communist state in the Americas and a Cold War flashpoint.
155,Eating two and a half ounces of baby broccoli daily for two months may protect against a common stomach bug that is linked to gastritis ulcers and even stomach cancer a study in Japan has found.
156,NGO forum could not be so easily tamed. It issued a strongly worded declaration that equated Zionism with racism.It also described Israel's occupation of Palestinian land as "Israel's brand of Apartheid" and accused Israel of perpetrating war crimes and crimes against humanity.
157,Slumdog Millionaire director Danny Boyle will be the leading member of the jury at the Shanghai Film Festival.
158,American atomic bombs dropped on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in August 1945 bringing to an end to World War II.
159,Al Capone and his family has hit the market for $450000. It's a hefty sum considering similar two-flats in that working-class South Side neighborhood are selling for $180000 to $230000.
160,De Klerk was South Africa's last white president and shared the 1993 Nobel Peace prize with Nelson Mandela for fostering racial unity and securing the country's smooth transition from apartheid to the first all-race poll in 1994.
221,Michelle Steele the teacher said Alex had been sent to the office earlier that day and when he came back to class Portillo
222,I'm riding with seventeen members of the Cardiff Socialist Party
223,Edlington northern England on Saturday
224,Cardinal Tarcisio said that the Pope apologized for the way his remarks made during a speech at the University of Regensburg
225,Vítor Miro Bastos de Moura known as Bida who is believed to have contracted the assassins
226,Elmwood Avenue neighborhood and surrounding area in Buffalo
227,the Society Promoting Environmental Conservation (SPEC) and the Western Canada Wilderness Committee delivered petitions
228,Julia Redd told her that she was going on a shopping trip but instead she was driven 3
229,Peter Clottey that President Kufuor is concerned about the tensions in Kenya
230,The Steel City Diner printed 100 shirts celebrating the convention only to run out on Friday afternoon.
231,Cancer survivors who were a mean age of 4.6 years when first diagnosed often had more physical visual
232,lead Alberta's governing Progressive Conservative party beating out former Treasurer Jim Dinning and Ted Morton.
233,Governor Bush appearing with his wife at a Miami museum reception bristled at reporters
234,Alberto Gonzales to request a court order from a federal judge in California
235,. Companies like Dell are already selling computers via the virtual world but Sweden would become the first country to have a cyber-embassy in Second Life
236,president Ramzan Kadyrov son of former Chechen leader Akhmad Kadyrov
237,Al Qaeda and wrongly described him as an "Islamic extremist individual".
238,Morris Iemma announced in December 2005 that he wished to sell the state's share in Snowy Hydro that caused the federal and Victorian governments to follow.
239,The Soyuz can only carry a crew of three. Krasnov told reporters last week that the new spaceship
240,Gannon/Guckert was a reporter for the news service Talon News a website believed by some to be a branch
261,Emmy Award winning American actress Estelle Getty has died at the age of 84.
262,aines worked as a maid in Ohio State University dormitories until her retirement and has lived at the Los Angeles convalescent hospital for more than 10 years
263,Naomi is deluding herself if she thinks she can take my husband
264,Mr Setsawat the club's owner. The club had just three exits of which one was known only to staff and another locked. A number of people died in the stampede for the door.
265,Michael Tylo where she was really going. She told him that she was just going on "a lot of auditions"
266,cancer researchers from Norway the U.S. and Finland. In October 2005 the Norwegian researcher Jon Sudbø along with 13 co-authors published the study in the prestigious medical journal The Lancet.
267,Raymond Arndt a 32 year-old reservist from Peers Alberta was killed in a traffic accident August 5th when the G-Wagon he was travelling collided head-on with a civilian truck 35 kilometres southeast of Kandahar.
268,Marc Ravalomanana earlier this week officially became the leader of the country after being sworn in on Saturday.
269,These are the latest in a series of eruptions from Mount Redoubt which started on March 22
270,Minister Thaksin Shinawatra ahead of next week's election tens of thousands of protesters have rallied in Bangkok Thailand.
271,A passenger Joseph Dault 51 of Ontario was not hurt.
272,The bug was discovered by Luciano Bello an argentine Debian package maintainer and was announced on May 13 2008.
273,Saddam Hussein's protection in Iraq has claimed bombings in the past but vehemently denies participating in the recent spate of attacks.
274,Doctor Pita Sharples has said that gangs are again starting to imping on on society like in the 1970s
275,Paris Hilton is out of jail after serving three weeks in the same
276,Jenson Button wins FIA Formula One 2009 Petronas Malaysian Grand Prix at Sepang International Circuit Sepang Selangor Malaysia.
277,The as-yet-unnamed Russian spaceship could emerge as a potential competitor to NASA's prospective Orion spacecraft.
278,Destructive winds are expected to commence along the coast between Ingham and Port Douglas.
279,Dax was 5.06% higher than the start of the day as of 14:58 UTC.
280,Baltasar Garzón a Spanish judge with an international reputation for bringing cases against high-profile alleged human rights violators sent the case to the prosecutor's office to review whether it has any merit
281,Clarkson died February 3 2003 at Spector's mansion the "Pyrenees Castle" in Alhambra California after returning home with Spector for a drink after they met during her shift at a nightclub where she worked as a hostess.
282,The memorandum came in a series of agreements between Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh during Jiabao's state visit to India April 9-12 at Singh's invitation. India is expected to provide the funding architectural design landscape planning a Buddha idol and other materials for the completed temple.
283,Senator Dunn started off the meeting by thanking the panelists and parents for showing their support by attendingWe can all agree that no one wants to see another sick child in Santa Ana." The audience applauded.
284,A crush which may have occured after a wall collapse took place today at the Félix Houphouët-Boigny Stadium in Abidjan and according to interior minister Desire Tagro killed 22 people and wounded 132 others.
285,Her husband former US President Bill Clinton canceled a speech in New York City.
286,After the murder of Grace's fiancee in 1979 she became a prosecutor in her native Georgia and later hosted her own show on Court TV followed later by her CNN tenure.
287,The primary camera on the Hubble Space Telescope has shut down and is likely to only be restored to partial functionality according to reports from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). The ACS developed jointly by four American agencies was installed in March of 2002.
288,The art consultant who lived at the Bailey Howth Co Dublin died in August 2004.
289,Bill McMaster is running for the Family Coalition Party in the Ontario provincial election in the Lambton-Kent-Middlesex riding.
290,Accepting the proposal which according to US State Department spokesman Robert Wood "commits us to no legal obligations" would nonetheless be a reversal from the Bush administration's refusal to sign.
291,At 11:38 a.m. the President of Georgia Mikheil Saakashvili announced the mobilization of reserve troops to withstand what he called "a large-scale military aggression" by Russia and called Russia to stop the "bombardment of Georgian towns.
292,The temple was constructed about 300 BC by Ptolemy II. The Supreme Council of Antiquities (SCA) expedition led by Hawass has yet to excavate the burial chambers 40 feet (12 meters) underground where they hope to find a crown or Egyptian hieroglyph cartouches revealing the names of royalty.
293,Pittsburgh Pennsylvania Local caterers get ready for big business as almost three thousand fans converge on the David L. Lawrence Convention Center over the Independence Day weekend for the world's largest ever furry convention Anthrocon 2007.
294,Authorities say Rebecca Kate Haley 25 had been dead for at least seven hours when a ticket for illegal parking was put on the windshield.
295,Vlaams Belang is considered by observers and opponents as a far right party supporting Flemish independence from Belgium and restricted immigration.
296,Film maker Neville Presho (61) has brought a High Court action against hotelier Patrick Doohan and his hotel Ostan Thoraigh Comhlacth Teoranta for ongoing trespass and physical damage to his one-time holiday home on Tory Island off the Donegal coast.
297,President Nicolas Sarkozy of France married the supermodel-turned-singer Carla Bruni at the Elysée Palace on Saturday witnesses said.
298,Hideki Moronuki from Japan's Fisheries Agency is pleased the whaling mission will no longer be obstructed:
299,Iraqi terrorists extended the ultimatum by calling Romanian Prima TV the station where two of the kidnapped journalists worked.
300,Joba's father Harlan Chamberlain 55 collapsed at his home in Lincoln and is currently at St. Elizabeth Regional Medical Center.
301,Woltman in 1996 GIMPS has found 12 Mersenne primes or about one per year on average. Volunteers who wish to help find primes can download a program called Prime95 which runs in the background
302,Barack Obama is due to end his first overseas trip as US President today. Mr Obama has attended a series of engagements in Europe over the past week including the G20 summit in London a NATO meeting in Strasbourg and a conference of EU leaders in Prague
303,Authorities from the United States Japan and South Korea confirm that the rocket lifted off at 11.32 local time (02.32 GMT) on Sunday April 5 2009. "A short time ago a flying object appeared to have been launched from North Korea" read a statement by the Japanese government.
304,Autopsies show Sciullo 37 died of wounds to the head and torso. Mayhle 29 was shot in the head. A witness awakened by two gunshots told investigators of seeing the gunman standing in the home's front doorway and firing two to three shots into one officer who was already down
305,Tesla Motors claims that their Model S a sedan which runs solely on electricity will be more affordable
306,Mount Redoubt a volcano in Alaska erupted on Saturday sending out clouds of ash thousands of feet high. According to the Federal Aviation Administration the Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport was shut down after ash reached the airport. J
307,During a January interview with New York magazine Mitchell said of the Shakespearean roots in her name " I'm certain it's not random because they're never random.
308,People like Ailin Graef a.k.a. Anshe Chung have developed virtual businesses in Second Life and earn thousands of real dollars there.
309,at the unprecidented "Silent Walk For Justice" was the family of Jason MacIntyre a champion cyclist killed when Robert McTaggart ran him down in a van in January for which he received a six month driving ban after conviction of careless driving. MacIntyre's wife said McTaggert should have instead been charged with causing death by dangerous driving.
310,The Newseum Journalist's Memorial contains the names of 1913 journalists dating back to 1837
311,Grey's Anatomy star Katherine Heigl and her musician hubby Josh Kelley are adopting a baby from Korea so says the National Enquirer. The Emmy-winning bombshell 29 has decided that instead getting "Knocked Up" she and Josh will start their family with an adopted bundle of joy. "They've finally decided adoption is the best option for them right now.
312,Violence has erupted in Guadeloupe after a month-long general strike protesting the high costs of food and fuel. A union official Jacques Bino has been reported killed by armed youths at a barricade in Pointe-à-Pitre the largest city.
313,A man has come forward to say he is the owner of a Thai ship that was being hijacked by pirates then sunk by the Indian navy. The incident took place in the Gulf of Aden off the coast of the African nation of Somalia on November 18
314,On October 14 2008 Canadians will be heading to the polls for the federal election. Christian Heritage Party candidate Ron Gray is standing for election in the riding of Langley.
315,This ward's incumbent is John A. Hutton; also challenging Hutton is Derrick Coke Navdeep Gill Jim Howell Joyce Rodriguez and Doug Whillans.
316,Yigal Amir the student who assassinated Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin began a hunger strike on June 28th in protest against "the basic human rights abuse by Israel's prison authorities" as he describes it.
317,CBS the network which airs the serial drama in the United States has announced its cancellation after 72 years. Guiding Light which entered the Guinness Book of World Records as the longest-running dramatic series in the world started on radio in 1937 as a series of stories about faith in which characters beset with troubles would talk to trusted Reverend Ruthledge the keeper of "the guiding light" which shone from his window
318,. The state news agency MENA revealed that the boy's name was Ali Mahmoud Ali Somaa and that he was from Qalyubia a province located along the Nile Delta located about forty kilometres north of Egypt's capital of Cairo
319,iriam Stucky' is running for the Green Party of Ontario in the Ontario provincial election in the Peterborough riding. Wikinews' Nick Moreau interviewed her regarding her values her experience and her campaign.
320,The campaign offices for 2008 United States presidential candidate John McCain in Centennial Colorado and Manchester New Hampshire have been evacuated after receiving letter threats in the U.S. mail
381,Relations between New South Wales and Utzon improved in the late 1990s and in 1999 the Sydney Opera House Trust asked for Mr Utzon to advise on changing the building's interior to match his original design
382,Sondhi alleged that politicians with poor public images would be recruited into the cabinet and that such was a scheme to overshadow accusations of corruption that have been levelled at the Prime Minister mainly by Sondhi himself
383,the Flat Top Little General Store and fire officials say that the cause may have been from a nearby propane tank that was leaking
384,Chris Kausner has said his sister Elise age 24 a law student was on board the plane. "I'm thinking about the fact that my mother has to fly home from Florida and what I'm going to tell my two sons
385,A group of about 30 activists threw condoms on the ground outside Notre-Dame cathedral when attendants of the Sunday mass left the cathedral
386,That taking care of her dogs has put her in the mood to have a baby. But says Jessica she's going to adopt before trying it the old-fashioned way
387,Despite this around 30 people surrounded Megrahi's wife Aisha and their four sons Khalid Mohamed Ali and Moutasim to support them holding posters with Megrahi on them.
388,The Saturday argument between Margaret and Richard Poplawski escalated to the point that she threatened to kick him out and she called police to do it according to a 12-page criminal complaint and affidavit filed late Saturday
389,This year National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) will beam high-definition images to the NASA website and television. By doing so NASA hopes to increase appreciation of global climate issues
390,After the bombing of a military recruiting station in New York City's Times Square police in Washington D.C. are investigating letters addressed to "members of Congress" which contain a picture of the recruiting station before the explosion and the message
391,The latest victim Dominador L. De Luna 51 an employee of the National Food Authority (NFA) in Samar was gunned down just when the necrological mass for Jose Maria Cui a professor at University of Eastern Philippines who was shot in front of his students was being held last January 29.
392,This is in stark contrast to bombs detonated over the weekend in Ahwaz and Tehran which produced a dozen fatalities and scores of injuries.
393,The treatment is not expected to pose a threat to non-molluscan aquatic wildlife vegetation or land-dwelling creatures at the site. Officials expect the one-time treatment process will provide protection from the possibility of future infestation for 33 years.
394,Declan Ganley was the most successful Irish politician of 2008. He won the Lisbon Treaty referendum throwing the Government and opposition into chaotic confusion. He did this democratically.
395,The Empire State Building Las Vegas Strip the Eiffel Tower Petronas Twin Towers the Peace Tower the Parliament Buildings the Christ the Redeemer statue Acropolis of Athens the Egyptian pyramids and the Colosseum are some notable landmarks which will honour Earth Hour Saturday evening.
396,On September 6 soccer giants Thailand and Iran defeated Malaysia and Uzbekistan in shutouts of 11-0 and 9-0 respectively. Anothai Sathiyamat Somsak Thongdee Nares Numphakdee of Thailand all scored hat-tricks in the game against Uzbekistan
397,Supermodel Christie Brinkley has divorced architect husband Peter Cook amidst allegations that he had extramarital sex with a teenage employee to whom he paid 'silence money' and had a '3500-a-month porn habit
398,Australian A-League football (soccer) club North Queensland Fury announced the signing of former Liverpool FC striker Robbie Fowler for their debut season
399,Greater Manchester Ambulance Service no one has been hurt as a result of the explosion. A fire service spokesman said a Heavy Goods Vehicle and a nearby building were engulfed in flames
400,Rico Daniels is a British TV presenter living in France who is known for his two television series The Salvager whilst he still lived in the UK and then Le Salvager after he moved to France
401,Robert Morgan 64 passed a red signal at Purley and struck an oncoming service on March 4 1989 killing five and injuring 80 more.
402,fter the November vote many international observers criticized the vote as fraudulent and some regions saw voter turnout listed in excess of 100% prompting the opposition including Mr. Yushchenko to assert that the results were invalid.
403,At the same time it could help to align McCain with former President Ronald Reagan who attracted Republican and Democratic voters.
404,New South Wales Police say a 21-year-old woman has been charged in relation to the riots at Sydney's Cronulla Beach last year. She is the first woman to be arrested over reprisals from the December 11 race-fuelled riot.
405,The present drought has been said to be getting worse by the day and the total figure for those who need food from the World Food Program could rise from today's 1.2 million to exceed 2.5 million people according to United Nations (UN) spokesman Stephane Dujarric at the organisation's New York headquarters.
406,Encyclopaedia Britannica (EB) the authoritative reference book first published in 1768 is planning to let readers edit its entries Jorge Cauz its president said Friday as it battles to keep pace with online Internet encyclopedia projects like Wikipedia.
407,Venus Williams triumphed over Marion Bartoli of France 6-4 6-1 yesterday to win the Women's Singles event at the 2007 Wimbledon Championships
408,British writer Doris Lessing recipient of the 2007 Nobel Prize in Literature has said in an interview that the terrorist attack on September 11 "wasn't that terrible" when compared to attacks the Irish Republican Army (IRA) made on Britain.
409,While we appreciate Ms. Sierra's past efforts to support US troops including performing for them in Iraq on Independence Day it is quite obvious that Ms. Sierra needs to devote a great deal of time to putting her life back together
410,After having a meeting in Bari Italy on the 13th of March the President of Russia Vladimir Putin and the Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi gave a press-conference summarizing the results of their conversations
411,Copyright is a kind of monopoly that is granted to the creator so that they may get the revenue that they need enough to incentivise (sic) them to make the initial work
412,In November 2006 Pensacola Florida evangelist Kent Hovind and his wife Jo were found guilty on 58 federal counts of "willful failure" to payroll taxes structuring bank withdrawals and obstructing federal agents
413,A 13km section of road between Macclesfield and Buxton known as the Cat and Fiddle Road has been named as Britain's most dangerous road.
414,On February 24th the Swedish Royal Court announced that the Crown Princess Victoria was to be married in 2010 to her boyfriend and former fitness trainer Daniel Westling. Victoria 31 and Daniel 35 have been in an relationship for 7 years.
415,Former Republican governor Carroll Campbell will lie in state today on the second floor of the Statehouse in Columbia SC. He suffered from a fatal heart attack on Wednesday.
416,Despite legislation enacted by Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama on Wednesday more than one-third of television stations in the United States are planning to move ahead with the transition to digital television according to reports
417,Around 15:00 the first train had stopped at the station of Roccasecca and was just to restart its journey when the second train came at high speed on the same rail slamming into the back of it.
418,All 23 schools in Montgomery County VA are on lockdown. President George W. Bush was made aware of the shootings and according to the White House said "thoughts and prayers for those who are dealing with this." Senate majority and minority leaders Harry Reid and Mitch McConnell led a prayer service and moment of silence for the faculty students and everyone at Virginia Tech during the Senate floor session
419,Apple have released several re-designs of their popular iPod range. In addition to the iPod Classic Nano and Shuffle they have announced the brand new iPod touch a media player which mimics the iPhone's touch-screen capabilities.
420,England and Australia are set to showdown for the 2018 FIFA World Cup. Other interested countries are China Japan Mexico the Netherlands Qatar and Russia. FIFA President has encourage Spain to bid for the 2018 World Cup.
421,Robert Murray Hill was elected to the Senate for South Australia
422,Marco Materazzi after Zinedine Zidane
423,Department of Health (DOH) Secretary Francisco Duque the quarantine of the hog farm in Palauig Manaoag Pangasinan
424,Brian Mulroney testified Thursday before an ethics committee in the Canadian House of Commons about the Airbus
425,British writer Edward Upward has died at the age of 105. Upward died on Friday February 13 in Pontefract England.
426,Gonçalves died of pneumonia on Saturday in Rio de Janeiro Brazil.
427,Ike Turner was perhaps best known as one half of the Ike Turner duo with his former wife Tina Turner whom he married in Mexico
428,Liverpool City Council Warren Bradley has today taken a dossier to the Chief Constable of Merseyside
429,The bill on voluntary student unionism as proposed earlier by the Federal Government education minister Brendan Nelson passed the House of Representatives
430,the Church of Scientology's attempts to remove a promotional video featuring Scientologist Tom Cruise from YouTube
431,Salil Ankola who was one of the celebrities participating in the reality TV-show Bigg Boss
432,The Hague Netherlands has ordered the arrest of the president of the African country of Sudan Omar Hassan al-Bashir.
433,Ryanair early in the airline's history to be able to afford expensive items
434,NSANY dropped 30% and Honda NYSE: HMC sales dropped 28%. Subaru and South Korean Hyundai Motor Company LSE: HYUD were two of the few auto firms that reported an increase in sales.
435,Hilary Clinton and John Edwards took part in a rally to commemorate Martin Luther King day.
436,Lycos Europe has launched a program to increase spammers' bills by having thousands of voluntary users' computers repeatedly query websites from which spam originates
437,The Japanese Nikkei 225 has recorded it's third biggest drop in history with a massive sell-off in the exchange
438,Marina Souza aged 43 mother of Robson de Souza-known as Robinho (Little Robin)
439,The ferry was bound for Samarinda East Kalimantan from Pare-Pare South Sulawesi
440,Annie Lennox Queen Razorlight Leona Lewis and the Soweto Gospel Choir.
441,While it is well-known that Walt Disney World is in Florida, the above statement is only about Hong Kong. The Walt Disney Company and the government of Hong Kong officially opened the world's eleventh Disney theme park in Hong Kong.
442,Three inmates hung themselves with nooses made from their bedsheets at the U.S. base in Guantanamo Bay Cuba.
443,Portuguese Maria de Jesus died Tuesday at 115 years and 114 days old.  It doesn't say she was the world's oldest woman.
444,The leak of the information was said to be "regrettable" by the Ministry of Defence however this meant that Prince Harry was ordered to return home due to fears for his and the others in his unit's safety.
445,Both men had been shot once through the head according to Charles Zewe a spokesperson for the EWU system. Doesn't say they were PhD students.
446,Pupils who are given detention at a Christchurch New Zealand high school are being forced to wear orange overalls with the words 'Work Crew' on the back.
447,Lucky Dube was one of the most prominent reggae artists of all times often remembered alongside Bob Marley for his songs on social issues.
448,French President Jacques Chirac continued his hospital stay Tuesday in what a government spokesperson describes as favorable conditions. Alludes to it as his health is bad but doesn't specification say that Chirac doesn't want to be re-elected.
449,Jump5 were heard in The Lizzie McGuire Movie Sleepover Spy Kids Ella Enchanted Ice Princess and Brother Bear. Best Picture-nominee Beauty and the Beast included one of their tracks on its DVD release. No specific mention of it being their last show in Tennessee.
450,Archbishop Angelo Amato is the acting Secretary of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith which is led by William Cardinal Levada. He was addressing Vatican chaplains when he made the remarks on Monday in a keynote address that opened an April 23 to 27 seminar in Rome with Catholic airport chaplains.
451,It is not yet known which of the two Siberian tigers was involved in the attacks. Last year another zoo worker was seriously injured by Tatiana while attempting to feed her but survived the attack.
452,Russian President Dmitry Medvedev stated his position regarding the ending of the conflict in a phone call with Federal Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel: "The only possible and reasonable way out of this situation is the withdrawal of Georgian troops to their initial positions and the immediate signing of a legally binding agreement on the non-use of force."
453,Appearing before Judge William Ledbetter Jr. in Spotsylvania County Circuit Court the fatal dog mauling defendant Deanna Large plead not guilty Wednesday to charges of involuntary manslaughter and three misdemeanor counts of letting a dangerous dog run at large.
454,On January 11 2009 an 18-year-old teenager was arrested for writing her nickname "2shie" on a wall in a café near Hyde Park Sydney Australia.
455,During a rally protesting the decision on Wednesday Al-Bashir spoke calling the charges worthless and told the ICC to "eat" the warrant. "[It is] not worth the ink it is written on. It is a flawed decision".
456,Ernesto now a tropical storm made landfall along the coastline of the state of North Carolina near Long Beach in Brunswick County at 11:40 p.m. eastern time.
457,Sunshine Coast Regional Council has received legal advice that it could not challenge the appeals proccess of McDonald's Australia. Council rejected development plans for a 24 hour store at Minyama in December. "
458,Helen Clark the Prime Minister of New Zealand stated that she personally did not support a change to the start of daylight saving in March. However the main reason that the start was altered was to avoid clashes with the fourth school term.
459,This is not the first time a country has moved to block YouTube.
460,India is seeking extradition but the fact that Nepalese authorities have added their own charges of illegal organ transplants in on top of the foreign currency possession charges could delay proceedings.
461,trendy transformations and global popularization of the Internet in the presence we finally decided to invite Jack Ma to share experiences from his successful management theory." Jeffery Koo (Chairman of CTCB) remarked at the opening
462,Galvarino Apablaza has been arrested in November 29 in Argentina. Chilean authorities request now the expulsion of Apablaza so he can be tried in Chile
463,A 300 million-year-old fossilized rain forest has been found in its entirety outside Georgetown Illinois United States.
464,Majel also starred in other TV shows not related to Star Trek such as Earth:
465,Copyright is an incredibly sensible piece of law and in fact serves to benefit a lot of what goes on online in the way that it's been used in things like free and open software in things like Creative Commons.
466,The Oxford English Dictionary (OED) defines McJob as "an unstimulating low-paid job with few prospects.The McDonald's fast-food giant has begun a campaign to have the word removed from the dictionary or to have its definition changed by lobbying British MPs
467,Katrina first made landfall in Miami Florida on August 25 2005 as a category one hurricane resulting in dozens of deaths in South Florida and spawning several tornadoes
468,The New England Patriots are only two games away from becoming the second team after the 1972 Miami Dolphins to have a perfect record and win the Super Bowl.
469,The impact of this tragic disaster is felt by every resident of Minneapolis as we pray for those lost to this terrible accident.
470,Paula Radcliffe from the United Kingdom has won the New York City marathon today. After leading the women's race almost all the way she managed to shake off Ethiopian Gete Wami who challenged her in the last mile
471,Greenpeace is disgusted that any member of the IWC would seek to promote whaling based upon the false notion that whales consume so much fish that they are a threat to food security for coastal nations
472,Nonja which means 'girl' in Dutch was born in 1952 in Indonesia on the island of Sumatra. She arrived at the Miami MetroZoo in 1983. Her death is believed to have been caused by a small brain tumor or aneurysm which ruptured.
473,The 4th National Museum of Japan opened on Saturday in Dazaifu Fukuoka Prefecture the northern part of Kyushu island.
474,Program coordinators estimate that tutors volunteered some 5000 hours last year. City Manager Jennifer Sparacino estimates "That's worth about $100000 per year in volunteer time." Learners also spoke about what Read Santa Clara meant to them.
475,The 20th Olympic Winter Games are set to start today in Turin Italy
476,China did not react favorably to Japan's intention to seek permanent UN Security Council membership the Japan Times criticized the aid as a "complete waste"
477,Scottish football player Phil O'Donnell has died today after collapsing during a game in which his team Motherwell F.C.
478,On 31 October 2007 the National Court in Madrid issued a decision recognizing that the National Church of Scientology of Spain should be entered in the Registry of Religious Entities
479,The Guardian is reporting that the University is being used by young men and women to stock up on firebombs and break up marble slabs to throw at police. From behind their makeshift barriers they vowed the unrest would become "an uprising the likes of which Greece has never seen.
480,Kiril Georgiev a Bulgarian chess grandmaster began playing 360 simultaneous games of chess on Saturday in an attempt to break the world record for the most games played simultaneously. The games are being hosted at the Inter Expo Centre in Sofia the capital of Bulgaria.
501,Ted Kennedy and Robert Byrd suffered medical problems during a luncheon with new U.S. President Barack Obama
502,Turkey run by mathematics professor Ali Nesin has been closed by the authorities apparently for "teaching without a permit" and "founding an illegal institution".
503,Former president George W. Bush in a statement condoled Harvey's death by saying "Laura and I are saddened by the death of Paul Harvey.
504,Psychiatry is a pseudoscience" and "There is no such thing as a chemical imbalance in a body" reflect the beliefs of the Church of Scientology of which he is a member.
505,Mr Gonda credited the pub's success to the "excellent brewers we deal with our faithful and supportive pub regulars and our invaluable staff members."
506,Seven miners have been killed and seven more are missing after a coal mine flooded in north China's Hebei province
507,Firefighters have confirmed that the large James Bond sound stage at Pinewood Studios has been destroyed by fire
508,Constable Erwood will return to his job on Monday but has been given the job in North Taranaki as rural liaison office
509,Rosa Parks the African American woman who served as a catalyst to the American Civil Rights Movement died of natural causes on Monday night at her home in Detroit Michigan
510,Fans of the American hard rock band Aerosmith have launched legal action against the band in response to a late cancellation of a scheduled concert on the Hawaiian Island of Mau
511,Australian senator Barnaby Joyce (Nationals Queensland) has moved to oppose the government's planned changes to the country's petrol retail industry
512,The Bolivian President Evo Morales 49 has claimed victory after voters ratified a new leftist constitution granting more power to the country's indigenous majority.
513,U.S. Senator Sam Brownback formerly the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee with responsibility for Southeast Asia commented
514,The Volvo 850 TDI was being driven by a local teacher when it struck the children who had been on their way to school. Driver Catherine Kohtz later asserted that the brake pedal had become stiff and the brakes themselves unresponsive as she traveled along the steep road.
515,BELFAST UNITED KINGDOM Thieves have gotten away with money believed to be in excess of £20m ($39m) from the headquarters of Northern Bank a subsidiary of National Australia Bank in Northern Ireland
516,It is the first time in the history of the Volvo Adventure Award that a Kenyan project has been selected as an international finalist.
517,China Sea characterizing the move as "a serious provocation
518,the US government is wondering if it is missing out on a potential source of tax revenue: or as some gamers might put it the IRS is asking "You buy gold.
519,The Kelham Island Tavern in Sheffield's Kelham Island Quarter was in a "semi derelict" state when it was purchased in 2001. After it was re-opened in 2002 by licensee Trevor Wraith and manager Lewis Gonda business quickly picked up and the pub has been awarded Sheffield
520,Charing Cross and Waterloo mainline railway stations have been closed down for police searches and that other stations could close for similar reasons later today.
521,Mark Cuban to study the new ball. Horwitz asked UTA physics professor Kaushik De to lead the project
522,Peter Jackson will never be allowed to work on another New Line film
523,Peter H. Gilmore Peggy Nadramia Boyd Rice Adam Parfrey Diabolos Rex and musician King Diamond were active in media appearances
524,analyst James Kim has been missing since Saturday.
525,Yelenic after going to the dentist's house to confront him over the terms of the divorce
526,Netherlands during World War II and often referred to the tree as being "comforting"
527,Ballesteros a town of 17000 people the Cagayan police reported.
528,aeroplane pulled up abruptly it then pitched down at an angle of 31 degrees rolling left and right partially upside-down.
529,The movie is offered under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-ShareAlike 2.5 license
530,EU leaders including European Commission President José Manuel Barroso have made recognising the island member-state a key pre-requisite for talks however Turkish Prime Minister Recep
531,know you don't seriously think that the police need to make Burger King give you food faster"
532,Sheikh Hasina (Shekh Hasina Oajed) was the Prime Minister of Bangladesh
533,Two British Army soldiers have been killed in a gun attack
534,Prime Minister of Canada Brian Mulroney will be released
535,Mr Bibbs was born with a genetic disease called neurofibromatosis (NF) which causes him to develop
536,President Barack Obama of the United States had his first full interview since his inauguration on Al Arabiya television
537,seven members of the Sri Lankan cricket team have been injured in a coordinated gun and rocket
538,Baldry was considered an innovator and inspiration in blues music in the 1950s and 60s
539,The Canadian Conservative Party plans to reject the federal budget.
540,Christopher Hitchens called him a "Bin Ladenist"
581,New Zealand Special Service Medal (Asian Tsunami) it recognises the work of New Zealanders who went to the region after the tsunami
582,Statfjord is 200 km (124 miles) off the coast of Norway located to the east of Bergen
583,Chibitty was among the 14 Comanches who landed with the D-Day invasion of Normandy Beaches where they reported by radio to division headquarters on the progress of the landings
584,The Story of Ingrid Newkirk and PETA
585,Monday March 24 2008 an 87-year-old woman was raped in her own home in Great Yarmouth Norfolk England
586,Queen Elizabeth II invited him to form a government in a meeting at Buckingham Palace on Wednesday afternoon
587,Air Canada Embraer jet taking off.Dramatic increases in fuel prices are widely blamed for the airline's cutbacks
588,Sam Brownback is perplexed. The U.S. Senator from Kansas and Presidential candidate is a Republican
589,Toronto on the television series MuchOnDemand to promote her new film Stardust
590,FOX until 2008 and is the longest running television show on prime-time in the United State
591,Foley who is on unpaid suspension from the Pennsylvania State Police is charged with criminal homicide.
592,PLO's leader may have contracted HIV as the result of risky homosexual behavior in the years preceding the AIDS scare of the late 1980s. Arafat's sexual proclivities
593,Alan Johnston based in Gaza has been freed after almost four months in captivity
594,The Real IRA has claimed responsibility for a gun attack last night that killed two British soldiers and wounded two
595,Alex Trebek host of 'Jeopardy!' has had a minor heart attack
596,government investigation into last week's assassination of opposition leader Benazir Bhutto
597,Mr. Talabani stated that a judge had told him of these alleged confessions
598,J.K. Rowling the author of the "Harry Potter" series has revealed the release date of the seventh
599,The fossilized forest was preserved following a major earthquake 300 million years ago
600,40 kilometres (25 miles) north of Athens while approaching the capital's airport. All on board perished
81,The pope flew by helicopter from Vatican City to a tent camp near the village of Onna where he led a prayer in the cold and rainy weather for the hundreds killed in the April 6 quake. The camp houses hundreds of families left homeless when the magnitude-6.3 quake destroyed their homes. Residents there welcomed the pope who kissed and hugged some of the children
82,Currently there is no specific treatment available against dengue fever which is the most widespread tropical disease after malaria. Sanofi Pasteur is collaborating with the Communicable Disease Center in Singapore and the Pasteur Institute in Vietnam to conduct these clinical studies in children and adults
83,Teddy Sseezi Cheeye 51 took $56000 (£38000) from the Global Fund charity which aims to prevent HIV tuberculosis and malaria. He set up an NGO the Uganda Centre for Accountability which received cash in 2005 to do HIV/Aids community work
84,TWO years ago Sheik Adil Kalbani dreamed that he had become an imam at the Grand Mosque in Mecca Islam's holiest city. Waking up he dismissed the dream as a temptation to vanity
85,The world knows Philip Markoff only by his headline nickname the "Craigslist killer" but to Morgan Houston he is more than a suspect or a defendant. To her Markoff was a classmate and a friend someone she thought she knew.
86,Washington Kirk Kerkorian the billionaire mogul and major shareholder in General Motors Corp. said Friday that automakers Renault SA and Nissan Motor Co. are interested in purchasing a significant stake in GM and including the Detroit automaker in their alliance
87,the Fifth Amendment when he refused in court Tuesday to reveal his sources in a 2004 story about a terrorism prosecutor. David Ashenfelter of the Detroit Free Press appeared at the federal courthouse to be questioned in a deposition sought by Richard Convertino
88,This is despite the fact that Falun Gong is not officially allowed by the Vietnamese authorities. The regime clearly does not want Falun Gong to be another potential point of conflict in the already tangled bilateral relationship with China.
89,The prince gives away little when speaking publicly. William also said his brother Prince Harry was missing his ex-lover Chelsy Davy while giving away no clues about whether he might marry his own girlfriend Kate Middleton.
90,But Casablanca is also the capital of a bleaker aspect of modern Morocco — sprawling slums where huge families are packed into shanties with tin roofs rusted by the ocean winds and goats and donkeys munch stray garbage. "It's as if we're eating straight from the gutter" said Mina Abujaman 48 describing the squalor.
91,Swampscott Almost as if leading parallel careers with the 19th-century Brontë sisters are the 21st-century Ephron sisters. While Charlotte Brontë wrote "Jane Eyre" Emily wrote "Wuthering Heights" and Anne wrote "Agnes Grey.
92,China has rejected Coca-Cola Co.'s $2.3 billion bid to buy a major Chinese juice producer the Ministry of Commerce (MOC) announced Wednesday. The ruling is the first of its kind since China promulgated its anti-monopoly law last August
93,A SCUBA diver has died during a visit to a historic ship sunk off the Port Phillip Bay heads. The Geelong man 49 was with a group of six on a diving expedition to explore the SS Coogee shipwreck when he collapsed.
94,Tsuyoshi Kusanagi said on Friday after being released by police. "I deeply apologise to fans for causing so much trouble and worry" he added. Kusanagi 34 shot to fame as a member of 1980s boy band SMAP
95,Moments after the assault on Ian Tomlinson was captured on video he suffered a heart attack and died. The Guardian has handed a dossier of evidence to the police complaints watchdog.
96,MOSCOW (Reuters) Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said he alone rules Russia and not former President Vladimir Putin in unusually direct language during an interview with the BBC aired on Sunday. Analysts have been sceptical of Medvedev's ability to govern independently of Putin while polls show most Russians think the former President is still the real power in the country
97,Mr Bouton has faced rising criticism ever since the bank said rogue trader Jerome Kerviel had lost 4.9bn euros ($6.5bn; £4.4bn) at the start of 2008. SocGen then needed a 1.7bn-euro loan from the government in December because of the impact of the credit crisis.
98,The free Cooliris iPhone app has been downloaded 800000 times since last fall. The company also makes versions for PC browsers. In March the Cooliris software was used to display baby pictures on the TV talk show Live with Regis and Kelly. Earlier this month Cooliris closed a $15.5 million round of funding headed by Kleiner Perkins.
99,The Pritzker jury praised Mr. Zumthor's use of materials. "In Zumthor's skillful hands like those of the consummate craftsman materials from cedar shingles to sandblasted glass are used in a way that celebrates their own unique qualities all in the service of an architecture of permanence" the citation said adding "In paring down architecture to its barest yet most sumptuous essentials he has reaffirmed architecture's indispensable place in a fragile world
100,Japan and attention has been drawn to widespread mistrust of Japan by Chinese although the Chinese government has not commented directly against Japan.
321,Steven Spielberg withdrew from his position as artistic
322,The Dominador L. De Luna 51 an employee of the National Food Authority
323,"Hey Rube: Blood Sport the Bush Doctrine and the Downward Spiral of Dumbness" once discussed on radio the possibility
324,Researchers from the University of Sydney University of Oxford and University of Cambridge have pinpointed a single
325,major Reinado and in Gleno Ermera next to another group of "military opponents" are there "containing those elements"
326,Boston Globe involved the fact that 17 girls all sixteen years
327,President Yusuf Kalla has visited the scene of the incident
328,One proof of that is Angelina Jolie's mother who died in 2007
329,Adam Dylan Leon a 31-year-old Canadian citizen stole a Cessna
330,Mateschitz' primary Red Bull Racing F1 team. They recently picked up an option on Bourdais for 2008
331,Wisconsin and passed over Illinois north of the city of St. Louis Missouri
332,known for brands such as Gillette razors Oral B dental care and Duracell batteries
333,Somali pirates has been thwarted by NATO forces
334,The NASDAQ index has risen by 2.53% to 2248.63
335,Greenpeace arrived with four fast moving out-board motor boats manned by thirteen activists who attempted to drive away the fish
336,Toronto Mayor David Miller and the Ontario Labour Relations Board ruled yesterday
337,best friend Maria Jansson who between them campaigned for a fatal accident inquiry after Annie's body
338,Principles at the European Institute of Human Sciences in Wales said "He had a great personality
339,The MacRitchie Reservoir station recorded 216.7 millimeters of rainfall during
340,The National Land Claims Commission is entrusted with carrying out the transfers.
241,Christian Heritage Party candidate Ron Gray is standing for election in the riding of Langley. Wikinews contacted Ron Gray to talk about the issues facing Canadians and what they and their party would do to address them
242,The Brian Mulroney Story on Sunday CTV says the 90-minute special will be the most complete interview the former prime minister has ever given and his first comprehensive interview since leaving office in 1993
243,Shandong has reported five children dead from HFMD and 3280 cases to deal with.
244,Nepal's 10-year civil war has come to a peaceful conclusion with the signing of a historic accord between Prime Minister Girija Prasad Koirala and Prachanda leader of the Maoist rebel faction that had been fighting for political change.
245,The paintings were Pablo Picasso's "The Painter and the Model" and "Minotaur Drinker and Women" both insured at $4200 and two paintings by Emiliano Di Cavalcanti "Women at the Window" insured at $500000 and "Couple" insured at $60000.
246,Jaslene Gonzalez is not your typical model. She rose to fame after winning Cycle 8 of America's Next Top Model and since then has been aggressively tapping into the fashion industry.
247,According to Reporters Without Borders (RWB or Reporters Sans Frontières) a Paris-based international non-governmental organization that advocates freedom of the press the sentence imposed was "a serious violation of free expression.
248,Clarence Ray Allen convicted of ordering a hit in 1980 that resulted in the deaths of the target and two bystanders was executed just after his 76th birthday making him the second-oldest man in U.S. history to be executed.
249,Contrary to Steven Harper's plan to put Canada's newly created Civil Marriage Bill back on the floor of the House of Commons for a free vote The Bloc Quebecois plans to oppose any attempts by the Conservatives to revisit the issue when Parliament returns in the fall.
250,I am married to Gerald Posner the author." Within a few hours after her appearance she was fired by Ocean Drive publisher Jerry Powers.
251,Wolfson was lead counsel before the Supreme Court in Boy Scouts of America v. Dale the case arguing against the expulsion of gay scoutmasters. As an intrepid young assistant district attorney in Brooklyn Wolfson worked on People v. Liberta to end the exemption that allowed women to be raped by their husbands legally a right in New York State as early as 1984
252,A bid made by Singapore Airlines for a 24% stake in China Eastern Airlines was turned down by minority shareholders. Talks about a sale started in March 2007 when Singapore Airlines and China Eastern started negotiations about a possible deal.
253,Cyril Ferez works for the Orange telecommunication company in Torcy and is a member of the trade union Sud-PTT which represents workers at post offices and telecommunication companies.
254,Robin Williams recently suffered a heart surgery that fortunately for the wonderful actor was a success. The decision of making this surgery was made while he was on his 'Weapons of Self-Destruction' comedy tour this month.
255,Wikipedia is a project of the Wikimedia Foundation a non-profit organisation based out of St. Petersberg Florida. Its 2007 annual convention Wikimania is set to take place in Taipei.
256,Alexei Krasnov the chief of manned space programs for the Russian space agency said last week that the prospective Russian spacecraft is set to make its maiden flight before 2020 without elaborating.
257,Scott David Dover 45 a father of two young boys in Cedar City Utah was arrested on Thursday and charges against the father could be filed today. Police say he used electric dog collars to discipline his children.
258,The Chesapeake Bay Foundation a not-for-profit organization had praise for Maryland Governor Robert Ehrlich and the state's Department of Natural Resources.
259,A magnitude 8.1 undersea earthquake triggered a tsunami that has killed at least fifteen people including six children in the Solomon Islands. Tsunami warnings have been issued for parts of Australia as well
260,The American Foundation for Children with AIDS (AFCA) in partnership with the American Alpine Institute is sponsoring "Climb Up the 50." Funding from this synchronized climb-a-thon will pay for the uphill battle to support children with AIDS. Funds raised will cover AIDS-related medication supplies and food for children infected with the disease in the hardest-hit countries including Kenya Uganda and Zimbabwe
61,Children were among the victims of a plane crash that killed as many as 17 people Sunday in Butte Montana according to authorities in Oroville California where the aircraft stopped for fuel.
62,Fifth Amendment rights in court filings nearly two weeks ago. Stanford's signature is dated Monday. Memphis-based chief investment officer Laura Pendergest-Holt is accused of helping facilitate the scheme by misleading investors.
63,Qatar MotoGP victory after taking pole position in a dominant qualifying performance under the Losail desert floodlights. World champion Valentino Rossi
64,The Italian court trying an American student and her former boyfriend for the murder of a British woman inspected the apartment house in Perugia on Saturday where the victim was stabbed to death in 2007. American Amanda Knox 21 and her former Italian boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito
65,US music producer Phil Spector has been convicted of murdering actress Lana Clarkson after a five-month retrial.
66,A court in Venezuela has jailed nine former police officers for their role in the deaths of 19 people during demonstrations in 2002.
67,The death was confirmed by his daughter Alexandra Holzer. Mr. Holzer — who wrote more than 140 books on ghosts the afterlife witchcraft extraterrestrial beings and other phenomena associated with the realm he called "the other side" — carried out his most famous investigation with the medium Ethel Johnson-Meyers in 1977. Together they roamed the house in Amityville.
68,Fifty years living in India is spiritually enriching says 74-year-old Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama.
69,The museum's co-curator Yitzchak Mais former director of the Yad Vashem museum in Jerusalem explained its significance as filling a largely unexplored niche.
70,Richardson who is married to Irish actor Liam Neeson is under constant supervision from medics after suffering a "traumatic brain injury" a hospital source tells IrishCentral.com.
71,Despite the challenges Ford made strong progress on our transformation plan by gaining share with strong new products slowing operating-related cash outflows reducing outstanding debt lowering our structural costs and reaching new agreements
72,About 4315000 children were born in 2007 about 15000 more births than the peak time of the baby boom in 1957
73,ftist Mauricio Funes of El Salvador's former Marxist rebel FMLN party has won the country's presidential election. He defeated his conservative rival the Arena party's Rodrigo Avila who has admitted defeat. Arena had won every presidential election since the end of El Salvador's civil war 18 years ago.
74,The longevity of the Italian scientist Rita Levi-Montalcini who this week became the first Nobel Prize-winner to reach the age of 100 might be the result of a potion that is a little out of the ordinary:
75,Brown had "a previous sexual relationship with" popped up on his cell phone as the singer drove home with Rihanna by his side from a pre-Grammy Awards party.
76,The commissioner Dr. Thomas R. Frieden and Kelly D. Brownell of Yale University his co-author argue in the New England Journal of Medicine that a tax of a penny per ounce could reduce consumption by more than 10 percent and raise $1.2 billion a year in New York State alone.
77,ATT the largest telecommunications company in the United States reported on Wednesday that its first-quarter profit dipped 9.7 percent from a year ago but cost-cutting and new customers lured by the iPhone helped beat Wall Street's expectation of a bigger drop.
78,Crippa died a week ago at Santa Barbara Cottage Hospital seven days after he ate a heaping plate of the deadly Amanita ocreata mushrooms said his wife Joan Crippa
79,Unemployment Olympics because he yearned for the chance to "battle all the unemployed people for stuff." "It's also not a bad time to be unemployed" said Mr. Goddard who is from Rochester Hills Mich. and lives in the East Village.
80,The teenager's death brings the total number of young people to die in violent circumstances in London this year to seven.
481,"There's certainly on the record experiences of them being jailed and tortured so I think they would be under risk if they went back" he said. The group which includes seven children arrived carrying a banner accusing Indonesia of terrorism and genocide in the province.
482,Mr Rao has been credited for Indian economic reforms during his tenure from 1991 to 1996 and for supporting then finance minister and current Indian prime minister
483,Lille 1-0 for the second time. After the controversial winning goal from the first leg United had a strong advantage in the series and Lille needed a win to advance.
484,women and men under Hussein's regime and Hussein enabled laws allowing men to kill their wives in certain situations (see Wikipedia article Honor killing for background on the practice)
485,"I will give you a million dollars of my personal money right now if either one of you can tell me specific details of what's in [this envelope] right now."
486,Ernesto in southern Ontario could have caused accidents. OPP Sgt. Cam woolley said on Sunday that about 130 crashes could be attributed to "people going too fast in the rain and hydroplaning."
487,The Zambian government has previously been criticised by some for its annual ban on fishing during December.
488,"In reality these elections are for Iraq's women little more than a cruel joke.
489,"Ukraine is on the threshold of a civil conflict. We have two choices: either the answer will be given by the parliament or the streets will give an answer."
490,Not present for the trial nor among the defendants was Rustam Makhmudov the accused trigger man suspected to be hiding out abroad. Makhmudov's two brothers Dzhabrail and Ibragim Makhmudov were accused of acting as accomplices in the murder.
491,Sicilian Mafia boss Salvatore Lo Piccolo considered to be one of the successors of the former "boss of bosses" Bernardo Provenzano (arrested in April 2006) was arrested at 9:30 a.m.
492,The closure of a mathematics summer camp in Sirince Izmir Turkey by Turkish authorities has drawn scorn from scientists around the world.
493,Cathal became one of Ryanair's first pilots having trained as one in the 1980s in Sri Lanka when his father set up the airline in 1985 in trust for his three sons of which Cathal was the eldest.
494,Her Majesty became the first female to become the sovereign since Queen Victoria who died in 1901 after a 64-year reign. She was crowned on June 2 1953 in Westminster Abbey.
495,On August 7 Georgian troops launched an offensive against the Ossetian town of Tskhinvali. Russia responded to these actions by sending their own troops into South Ossetia on August 8.
496,Leona Lewis has broken Billboard records in the United States to become the first female British pop star to reach a number one spot on the music charts in over 20 years and became the third solo British artist ever to reach the top charts.
497,Liberal government removes the amendment. Environment Minister Stéphane Dion who is attempting to have a $10 million Kyoto implementation plan in place by April 4 said he would be "very very pleased" to fight an election over climate change.
498,Police officers and officials at an emergency meeting have voted to ballot every United Kingdom police officer over the right to strike.
499,Russian President Vladimir Putin said he will accept a nomination for Prime Minister of Russia as Dmitry Medvedev has suggested he will do if he wins the presidential election
500,Honda's Civic and Ridgeline truck won the North American Car and Truck of the Year awards at the International Auto Show in Detroit. This is the first time a company has won both awards in the same year.
